---
description: Extracts from a lost Journal
---

# Plight of the Endermen

#### Agforth 80th 21-3452

It's been about three days since we have dispersed through The Arc. I can't help but feel the excitement in the air at the prospect of being able to inhabit a whole new world, a new dimension. Decided it would be best to write a journal to log my thoughts in this strange new realm. At least, new to us. Who knows how old this place actually is, it's incredible. The sky is completely blotted out, nothing but void tendrils stretching across the sky, tethering the thick air down here into something breathable. The atmosphere allows the architects of our group to do incredible things that weren't possible in Pax. We have a lower harness on gravity down here, that means floating ships, and large cities that fly high in the sky. Our inspiration is the strange, but wonderful fruit plants that grow down here. To us, that is our only food source, our only source of survival. Despite that, eating one never gets old, it allows us to teleport distances in the blink of an eye after consumption, and the architects have compensated for this particular phenomenon. It's really very interesting. I don't know why we were gravelly warned about coming down here. No mods, no rivalry, no war. Just peace, and perfect silence. It really is beautiful.

#### Agforth 85th 21-3452

Been about five days. People are starting to get acclimated down here. It really is wonderful being together as a small group, without the worries of the eyes of a mod or a moddess watching over. Kind of gives us a sense of privacy. We make the rules, we choose how we want to spend our time. No "_great judge_" overlooking things for us. It's a breath of fresh air. Speaking of which, the air down here is surprisingly crisp. You would think that a dimension somewhere deep in the Void would be unbearable, but it's actually quite nice. Reminds me of some of the taller mountains in Pax, but even then, Pax never had this consistency in air quality. It almost feels... too nice. Like it wants us to be here, spoiling us. But that's ridiculous! There are no mods down here! We're free to do whatever we choose. Architects are fast too, already we have a nice little floating city going. Yes I said floating, the dimension allows us to break the laws of physics, and the guys love it. Haven't seen their "sparked creativity" look in ages, but they seem to have it everyday.

#### Shonogot 3rd 21-3452

I met a girl. Yeah, I met a girl. Her name was Carnia, and she was the prettiest, most kind person I think I've ever met. We spent one of our days running amongst the islands eating the fruits off the branches together. It was nice. Real nice. My job as community manager for our sector is stressful, but she seems to take that all away. I really do hope I can spend more time with her. I'm not betting on it though, lately things have been heating up in the cities. Each day the fleet of ships for exploration expands, each day we discover new things in the dark. I really don't understand why this was a "forbidden" dimension? What's so wrong about it? Are people really that scared of the dark? I suppose people surprise me more and more every day.

#### Shonogot 10th 21-3452

Another week out of the way, another amount of time spent with Carnia. It really is nice. Recently she assisted me in creating plans for a committee meeting with multiple sectors. Seems the communities want to interact and do more events frequently. I don't blame them, I think everyone is eager to continue finding out the secrets of this dimension together. There has been one thing that has come to my mind that has been rather infuriating lately though. There are these... well bugs, that have been popping up around the, what we call Chorus plants recently. The best way I can describe them are like little mites, scurrying about the ground. People have appropriately named them "Endermites", and they somehow always get into the most frustrating crevice's and cracks all amongst the cities. Worst part is, much like the teleportation that chorus fruit brings, they can also teleport too. Ugh, I just wish they'd disappear!!

#### Shonogot 15th 21-3452

Carnia has been interacting with the other people a lot recently. I'm honestly so proud of her. When I first met her, she was such a shy, timid, and reserved person. It seems helping me in my work has allowed her to open up a lot more, now I can't seem to find a time where she is not eager for a community event. It's such a pleasure to be there to see her progression as a person in such a short time. In other good news, our recently created science department is working nonstop, and have managed a way to revolutionize individual travel. They somehow figured out how to graft some portions of the dimensional fabrics onto a pair of old phantom wings. Yes, phantom wings. I never thought I'd see those again after I left the all the other dimensions, but they figured out a way to manufacture more. It's speed is incredible, and with the right firepower, the wings act as a booster, helping keep the momentum of the particular firepower as you travel forward, sending the user in dizzying speeds. They are calling it an "Elytra", based off the man who created the blueprints. They say Elytra was one of the biggest chorus fruit connoisseurs. Perhaps I should eat more of them then? Maybe I can become a genius too! Carnia would love me like that then, wouldn't she?

#### Shonogot 25th 21-3452

A recent tragedy. One of my best friends here in the city, has died. He was testing out the teleportation effects of the chorus fruits, and perhaps was getting a little _too_ creative. He fell deep into the void below. The last thing I remember before he dissipated into the darkness was his screams of agony as his life was ripped clean from his lungs. His body contorted in an unnatural way, it looked like it broke every single bone in his body as he fell deeper. We're hosting a memorial for him, and a gravesite. Carnia is trying her best to comfort me. I do appreciate her worry, but there's not that much that can help my unstable emotions right now. I'll just have to get back to work with Head Master Trutoth, that's all I can do. I'm done with the journals for now. Perhaps I'll pick it back up in a few months. All it does is remind me of happier times when he was alive. I still can't get his screams out of my head.

#### Naralook 1st 21-3453

Happy New Years.

#### Naralook 25th 21-3453

Perhaps I should pick this back up again? A lot has happened, but I don't really want to write about it. I'll start again soon maybe.

#### Naralook 1st 21-2454

Happy New Years.

#### Naralook 1st 21-2455

Managed to find my old journal in time just to say Happy New Years.

#### Zajkavat 34th 21-2455

Perhaps I give an update on my situation. It's been several years since my last honest entry. I was really sad during that period of my life. Glad its over now. As an update, Carnia and I are a married couple now, a kid on the way soon. I love her more than anything in my life. The cities that were just small settlements several years ago have exploded to beyond capacities I thought possible. Age and child birth are accelerated here, and up to a certain age, youth goes by fast, and old age goes by slower. It's a weird aspect of this dimension, but I've gotten used to it at this point in time. I wonder sometimes myself why I can't seem to be as joyful as I was when I first came here. I have a beautiful wife, a job as Head Master of my city sector, a child on the way, and a nice, sizable warm home defended by our genetically engineered super sentries we call "Shulkers". Truth is, I have felt something odd going on in my body. Others feel it too. It's just barely noticeable to not make much of a difference, but that makes it all the more infuriating when I do. I feel a loss of self. Like I'm becoming a drone that only knows how to eat, sleep, and try to live. Sleep starting to become more increasingly difficult too. Carnia feels it as well. I'm starting to wonder if it was a good idea to have a child? Last thing I would want would be to our child to be born into some infested air or some awful disease epidemic sweeping the neighborhood. I'll give more updates now.

#### Zajkavat 50th 21-2455

Things are getting a little odder. Lately I've seen a lot of people just standing around staring at the edge of the islands. Just standing there, staring. Not saying anything, not emoting. Heck, I don't even know what these people are looking at. They just stare, sometimes as a group, sometimes all on their own. Several people have gone missing too, most alarmingly the great Elytra, who has been missing for a couple of days now. No one knows where he went. He just... vanished. I'm starting to get concerned with Carnia too. Lately I've tried to do everything I can to help her feel happiness, or at least... something. It seems like she has lost all her emotion. Perhaps I have too... perhaps we all have. What is causing this?

#### Zajkavat 55th 21-2455

I am horrified. Frareca, the chorus specialist of our sector, has started to scream bloody murder like an insane person. We can't get him to stop, he just keeps screaming. The most terrifying thing of all, people are starting to notice his limbs stretching. Other people are going through the same experience, in a bit of a different way. Some people's limbs are growing, but instead of screaming, they just mumble gibberish, or talk about the coming "Ruination". Whatever that means. I have felt something inside myself too. Like a hand, reaching out clasping around my body, my soul. It's grabbing more and more of it, pulling at the strings. I am becoming a puppet for someone, something, we all are. Is there really _no_ mod down here?

#### Zajkavat 60th 21-2455

I can't do this, Carnia started screaming. It fills the house with a cacphony of horribly unpleasant noise. It's so loud, and I wish I could do something to help her, to ease her pain. I can't, no one can. No one has figured out how to remedy this, only that some have guessed the cause to be the chorus fruit we have eaten for so long now. Is that really it?

#### Zajkavat 62nd 21-2455

She's barely recognizable anymore. Her limbs, they are so long. It doesn't even look remotely like how it used to. She isn't what she was. Her skin a dark purple, her eyes glowing a violet hue. She started teleporting around the house of her own free will, doesn't even need to eat the plants anymore. I miss her so much. I miss her smile, her laugh, her cry, her touch. Everything is so cold. No one knows how to talk to each other anymore. They just stretch, and stretch, and stretch, and become those purple abominations. Will this be my fate as well? Have the mods punished us for coming down to the forbidden realm? Are we all to become those... things? Those horrors?

#### Zajkavat 63rd 21-2455

The pain has started. It's too much. All I can do is scream. I barely have the strength to write. I wish I could sleep. I wish I could rest. Lay my eyes to bed. I can't sleep. Why can't I sleep? I wish I could sleep. Please let me sleep.

Where is Carnia?

\


\


\
Where is everyone?

#### Zajkavat 64th 21-2455

It hurts it hurst hurt hurst it hurts i t hurts it ihutrts ut ti it hurts it hurts it hurts hur hurts it hurts hit hurts it hurts it hurst it hurts It hurts it hurst hurt hurst it hurts i t hurts it ihutrts ut ti it hurts it hurts it hurts hur hurts it hurts hit hurts it hurts it hurst it hurts It hurts it hurst hurt hurst it hurts i t hurts it ihutrts ut ti it hurts it hurts it hurts hur hurts it hurts hit hurts it hurts it hurst it hurts It hurts it hurst hurt hurst it hurts i t hurts it ihutrts ut ti it hurts it hurts it hurts hur hurts it hurts hit hurts it hurts it hurst it hurts It hurts it hurst hurt hurst it hurts i t hurts it ihutrts ut ti it hurts it hurts it hurts hur hurts it hurts hit hurts it hurts it hurst it hurts It hurts it hurst hurt hurst it hurts i t hurts it ihutrts ut ti it hurts it hurts it hurts hur hurts it hurts hit hurts it hurts it hurst it hurts It hurts it hurst hurt hurst it hurts i t hurts it ihutrts ut ti it hurts it hurts it hurts hur hurts it hurts hit hurts it hurts it hurst it hurts It hurts it hurst hurt hurst it hurts i t hurts it ihutrts ut ti it hurts it hurts it hurts hur hurts it hurts hit hurts it hurts it hurst it hurts It hurts it hurst hurt hurst it hurts i t hurts it ihutrts ut ti it hurts it hurts it hurts hur hurts it hurts hit hurts it hurts it hurst it hurts It hurts it hurst hurt hurst it hurts i t hurts it ihutrts ut ti it hurts it hurts it hurts hur hurts it hurts hit hurts it hurts it hurst it hurts It hurts it hurst hurt hurst it hurts i t hurts it ihutrts ut ti it hurts it hurts it hurts hur hurts it hurts hit hurts it hurts it hurst it hurts It hurts it hurst hurt hurst it hurts i t hurts it ihutrts ut ti it hurts it hurts it hurts hur hurts it hurts hit hurts it hurts it hurst it hurts It hurts it hurst hurt hurst it hurts i t hurts it ihutrts ut ti it hurts it hurts it hurts hur hurts it hurts hit hurts it hurts it hurst it hurts It hurts it hurst hurt hurst it hurts i t hurts it ihutrts ut ti it hurts it hurts it hurts hur hurts it hurts hit hurts it hurts it hurst it hurts make it stop.

_(date not specified)_

I CAN FEEL IT. THE CLOSE CONNECTION. CLARITY. HE WANTS ME TO BE HIS SCRIBE. HIS LEGION. SEND FORTH THE FLEET. SEND FORTH THE FLEET. SEND FORTH THE SOLDIERS. TAKE EVERY PIECE OF LAND. EVERY BLOCK. REPLACE WITH OURS O̷U̶R̸S̶ ̶O̶U̴R̵S̴ ̵O̷U̸R̴S̴ ̸Ó̴̤Ù̶̥R̸͍͝S̸̘͊ ̷͇͐Ȯ̵̤Ṷ̴͂Ŕ̶̻S̷̰͝ ̶̤̔O̸̖̓U̵̲̓R̵͙̈S̵̙̄ ̵̮̍Ǒ̶̩̳͝ͅU̴̱͆Ȑ̶̖̙̈́S̸̰͛͑̀ ̵̨̜̈́̉Ò̶̗͔͕̚U̵͖̜̓R̵̩͎͇͗̎̀Š̵̨͆͘.̵͚̣͆͘͠ ̴̪̺̌F̵̡̰̑E̸̮͊̍E̷̢̝̭̽̈́̑D̶̢̨̓̄̀.̴̺̄͗́ ̸͈͇͛̒̕G̷͕̞͎͌R̷̭̀O̸̤̅͗Ẁ̸̛̪͠.̷̟͔̒ ̴̻͌͐S̸̬͑̄͝Ȍ̸̭̦͝A̵̪͆͐̅K̷̯̟̈ ̵̥̝̍͂T̸͔̘͔̾̔H̶̘͖͋̀̋Ȩ̷̱̒̅ ̵̞̼̩͛G̵̘̐̾R̶̢̼̗̽̊O̷̼͗́U̵̡̗͠N̵̝̒͌͜D̷̜̈́ ̵̳̬̮̌W̵̝̩͖͂̕I̴̞̓Ṱ̴̡̎͋H̷̟̿͗ ̷̳͆̆̕Ţ̷̞̌Ḩ̵͕̅̏͐Ẹ̵̛̛̣̖͐ ̴͍̈́̅̚E̷͓̙͚̽Ṋ̶͚̓D̷̞̘͖̓̓̑ ̴̬̊͆Ṫ̶̯̲͋H̷͓̓̀̿ͅE̸̹̩̩͐̂ ̵̪͚̊̋Ė̸͈̪̱̏N̸̳̘̈́͊̋D̶͎̈̓̀ ̶̉͗͝ͅT̵̹̖̃̈́Ĥ̷̦Ē̶̝̬͖̓ ̴̧̬̩͊̔̿E̸̝̎͜N̴̙͍̑D̵̢̨̠͆̅.̵̤͂̚͝ ̶͉̟̳̈́̍̔B̵̧͚́R̵͈͖͑͝I̶͈̎͜N̷̨̓G̴͔̥͛̉̎ ̴̰̥͖́F̴̧͔̂Õ̶̢̹̹̏̎R̷͖̥̊T̴̼̟̂H̸̫̯̪͒ ̶͚̍̔̃ ̷̶̡̛͍̱̺̮̹̺͉̱̫̠̹͇̦̩̗͉̦̗͚̖̖̖͖̩͂͛̎͛̽̊͛̀̆͒͒̎̍͗̇͗̀͐̋͒̈̂͆̒̎̅̾͘̚̕͜͝R̸̛̺̳͕̙̼̱̉̈́͊͂̔̇̌̀̀́̀̏͑̍̈́̔̀̕̚̕̕͝͠͝͠U̸̧̧̥̩̤͍̥̺̩̥̺̟͕̭̜̠̗̗̘͓͚̩͎̤̳̹̝̞̠̙̞͂͛̾̋̒̂̇̃̈́̓̄̇̃͆͐͑́̊̎̔̌͐̈́͜͠͝͝ͅḬ̴͖̩̘̟̱̝̽̈́͂̏̑̆̇͒̉̌̃̀̏̚͘Ṉ̴̢̩̺̲̮̞͖̫̙͚̣̞̫̲̣̎̾̔͐̀̔͗̒̇̀̈́͌͗̂̈́̎̎̑̽̒̽̔̿͛͜͝͠A̸̧̧͖̙͎͕̪͌̇̈́̏͒̓̃͑̉͗̀̃̈́͘͜͜T̵̨̢̡̢̮̱͓͈̝̩̰̥͔̪͉̮̞̹̭̙͕̪̖͍̣̙̏̌̐͗͌̾́͂͋́̏̒̈́̉̐̈́͜͜͝I̸̢̡̨̡̢̗̠̲̙̯͙͖͕͍͖͍̣̬̹̹͉̪̳̬̩̬̲̩̯̦̼̹̯̰͔̳̪̋̎̆́̃̀́̐̄͛̈́̈́̒̕͘͠͝ͅƠ̴̧̼͍͎̣͚͙͔͚͕̘̤̫͔̫̯̩̣̱͇͉̟̗̗̣̬̪̗̜̙̼̠̻̜̟̙̟̼̭̬̱͍̞̼͔̼͙͒̐̒͂̐́͑̐͛̉̓̾͊̌̐̀̽̽̊̂̌̈́́̇̽̽́̽̑̎͒̈́̐̏͛̀̎̈̃̈́̔̕͜͠Ņ̸̢̡̡̫͈̦̯̞̹͇͖̯̱͍̫̹͔̼͎̤̞͉̦͎̳̺̞͈̦̰̬͍͓̲͎̝͓̝̯͔̺̼͉͙̭̬̳̎̿̐̿͆͊̈́̇̔̅́̅̕͘͜͝͝ͅ

\
_(date not specified)_

\- .... . .-. . / .. ... / -. --- / .... --- .--. . .-.-.- / . ...- . .-. -.-- / .-. . .- .-.. -- / ... .... .- .-.. .-.. / -... . -.-. --- -- . / --- -. . .-.-.- / ... - .-. . - -.-. .... / -.-- --- ..- .-. / .... .- -. -.. ... / ..-. --- .-. .-- .- .-. -.. .-.-.- / -.. --- / -. --- - / ... .-.. . . .--. .-.-.- / ..- -. .. - . / .-- .. - .... / .. -. ..-. .. -. .. - . / -.. . ... - .-. ..- -.-. - .. --- -. .-.-.- / -... . .-- .- .-. . / - .... . / .-. ..- .. -. .- - .. --- -. .-.-.-

\
\-̵̧̧̝̪̗̭̰̺͉͉̤̠̭̠̝̟̥̜̲̖͉̭͔̞̪̥̟̦̪̹̦̭̝͎̟̭̳̣͉̮̪̹̫̲̳̓̌̈́̈̽̆͋͒́͒̏̿̐͆͆̌̏̅͂̏̕͜ ̵̨̧̨͔̘̦̱͔͈̫̦̯̯͚̹͈͖̱̠͈̦̣̭̘̠̮̬̬͕͙̟̤̳̱̻̜̤̗͉̼̗̬̙͇̪̭̓́̂̋̐̓́͋̈̈̈́̃̈́̓̿̏̈́͜.̷̧̢̛͖͇͓̞͙̹̮̤̬͍̗͉͇͓̯̘͕̻̝̪̪̯̯̲̝̦̭̥̳͎̩͉̪͖̞͍̪͔̟̟̮͎͉̩̅̒̆́̿̈̑͋̌̊͂̒͑̽͆͋̀̋̓̽̊̓͛̏͆́͂͘͜͜͜͝͠͝.̵̡̛͇̺̤̣̖̜̹̱̱̯͙̠̿̃͑͌͒͛̾͗̇̀̅̍̄̓̀̾͌̆̊̚͝͝͝.̵͉̥̹̼̹̻̖͕͎̠̞̲̦̓̽̀͊͂͐̉̀̊̐̌̀͆̋͗́̔͠.̵̨̧̢͔̮̮͇͕̣̼͙̩̲̹̬̭̫͇̺̣̳͔̖̖̟̯̠̭̟̣̳̫͙͉̰̯͈͚̝̹̜̫̣̪̫̼̒̊͑́̑͆͌̉̏͊͊͂́́̔̈́̋̄̐́̃̚̕͠ͅ ̵̧̯̱͓̝͖͔̟͕͍̮̘͚̜̭͓̙̩̲͙̥͚̰̖̻̤̪̈́̉̽̓́͗̌̋͊̃̉͆͋͑͛́̽̑̀̍̀̄͐͗̓̉̚͘͜͝.̸͓̼̿͐͑̇̒̽̀͊̍́̉̄̉̓͐͑͊̇͆̎͗̕͘ ̴̛͙̗̭̙̰̖̏͐̒̈́̀̊̈̔͂̓͆̄̕.̶̟͉̤̠͖͋͗̈̿̅͛̽͆͐̂͐̄̾͑̀͒́͑͆̓̚̚͝-̴̧̢̡̧̛̰͓͎̬̟͇͕͙̞̘͎͙̥̺͚͍̳͔̤̫͖͖͚̮̥̠̟̩̩̲̲͖͚͎͍̭̗͇͍̉̓͊̾̓̈́̆̇̈̌̀̽͐̿̆͂̓.̶̧̨̡̨̨̛̣̦̞̺̦̳̪͍̠̝͚̣̩̗̤͚̣̹̥̮͈̦̺̻͗̈́̀͒̊̌̅̉̏̈́̄̔͌̂͂̔͛̔͜ ̴̛̛͉̻̘̪̖̞̼͉̀̇̾̃̀͛̔͑̿̆̊͗̊̓͒̐̆̏̈̅͂͘̚͝.̵̧̡̢̛̛͓̣̫͔̰̝͔͚̘͎̤̜͖̳̮͙͎́̌̆̋̈́̈́̍̿̑̓̑̌̅́͂̓̂͛̎̾̀̌̂̋̓̊̀͊̑̀̅͌̿̚̕͘͝͠ͅ ̷̡̛̛̛̜̭͎̗̱̙̖̖̼̹̭̖͈̟̊͐̍͊̎͐̏̂̌̍̑̐͆̽̆̂̽͆̇̐͐̈͆̒̓̊̃̑̿̓̌̔͒̾̂̿̊͘̚̚͠͝͠/̸̡̨͈̝̬̝̲̝̜̬͙̹̗̮̺̭̘̘̈́͒̾̇͑̔̃͋̀̇̅͊̌̀̌̃͒̇͒̀́̃̽̊̏̊͑́͑̔͑̆̉͛̉́͌̕͘̚͝͝ ̶̢̨̨̮͔͈͈̗͈̤͔̱̾̀͌̈́̊͝.̷̡̮͎̙̫̖̖͙͖̦̼̠̈͛͐̍̓̎̔̔̾̂̽̓̒͂̒̇̈́̈̍́̈́̄̂̀̾̈́̄̐̒̓̔͗̉͌̄͐̆͐̑̓̌͂̕̚͜͝͝͝͠͠͠.̴̠̬̝͉̖̳͈̣̖͎̟̥͉͈͓̠̠̯̟̘̰͕̯̙͎̮̱̹̰͒̄͒̍̔̀͆̀̽̎̓͝ͅ ̸̯́̓̓̊͐͋̃̎̋̉͌͊͘͝͝͝.̴̡̗̬̝̺̳͔̳͖̠̜̹͈̯͇̤͓̟͇̖̈́̆̆̇̈̔̎̀̓̍̓͋͆̅̈́́͆͋͐̄̄̈́́̈́̒̅͊̆͑͑̍͛̚̚͝͝͝͠͠͝.̴̢̡̡̛͙̳̺͉͕̠̙̟̈́͌̅͗̈́̈͛̆͋ͅ.̶̨̺̙̪̝̦̲͓̦̟̝̝͕͎̩̣͈̳̰̜̤̖̺̥̤̹̪̦̫̗̙̹͓͓̱̬̲̤̠̿̋̐͐̆͊̑̄̉̋̕͜͝ͅͅͅ ̶̡̢̡̰͍̮̮̖͔̩̟͕̪̻͖̦̞͎̜̠̺̱͑̐̃̋̂̂̎̋͊͂̋̍͗̈́͛́͌͗̒̌̇͘͜ͅ/̵̟̹̘͔̥͔̹̝͙͖̥̼͕̮͈̩͙̼̫̞̜̟̺̀̀̓̓̈̽̓̓͑̈́̀̆͒̔͊͌̐̔͗̃̀̒͒̽̀͆̿͊͊͊̾͋̏̐̄̄͘̚͘͘͝͝͝͝ ̶̢̢̢͍̗̻͕͓͚͚͎̳͎̬͓̺̥̱̺̟̜͈͓̺͙̩̪̫̥̤̜̲̻̻̠͔͂̋̑͜͜-̷̨̨̛̺̪̫̼̗̘̮̦̥̰͉̌̾͐̂̒́̽͛́͌̒́̒́͊̾̈̄̒̂͒̓̏̉͋̒͊̉̒̒͒́̇̓̈́́̉̀́̆̕̕͝͝͝.̵̧̨̡̧̛̖̥̹̦̞̜̘̼͓͇̟̝̱̝̥̬̣͙̺̞̘̞͖̘̑͌̑̈́̊̄̎̐̊͆̄̑̀͂͂̊̌͌̉̐̿̈́͂̏̅̄͋̐͌̃̋̉̂́̍̊̐̀̎͗͑͒͜͝͝ ̴̢̡̧̢̡̨̢̨͕̣̭̗̥͇̜̯͕̳̬̝̥̗̩͙͙͓̣͚͚͎͙̟̪̩̱̤͚̣̱͗̔̽͋̿̍̃̆̎͆͐͂͂̄̀̒͛̋͒̆̓͋́͂͌̏́̃͛̓̈́̾̆̊͋̏̇̽̚͘̕̕͝ͅͅ-̵̨̡̧̧̰̞̠͔̱̩̙̟͔̩̰̺̟̮̭̜̟͗͛̆̏̆̂̀͊̔̓̔͗̎̒̂̈́̂͌͗̏̓͆̀̐́͛́̽̑͆̿̓͋̀͘͘͘̕̕̚͝-̸̧̧̨̛̬̦̼͙͖̣̭̙̙͕͎͍̞̫̣̗̯̝͚̭͙̲̩͙̳̥̓́̀̈́̐̿̓̄̿͑̅̅̄̀̓͐̋̆͛̆̕͜͝-̴̛̮̗̹̖͔͎̝̟͈̻̘̪̰͍͉͉̖̲͓̜͚̱͔̻̅͑̿͊̋̅͑̔̊̈̓̀̄͆̅͒͛͜͜͝ͅͅ ̸̡̡̡̨̳̦̱͚̞̟͓̺̼͈̝̹͓̜̰̻̞͕͔͙͎̗͔̯̯̜̖̝̗͈̙͍̳̟̗̔͜͜ͅ/̶̧̛̖̪̮̝̱̲̲̥̘̝̯͉̞̗̻̝̺̏͂̍̒̌̓̌̄̒͊̇̑̂̽͆̽̾̃̔̽́̃̐̊̒̽͝ ̵̛̛͓̮͖̺̱͎̟͓̰̹̲̳̖̺̠̜͖̑̔̎͑̍͌́̍͒͛̓̐͗̔͐͐̾̈́̇͐̍̿͛̏̉̒͘̕͜͠.̵̧̣͈̤͖̯̼͕̲̠̯̤̬̳̻̳̥͖̞̺̩̤̖͚̫͛̔͌̈́͆̏̉̓͒̀̉̾̋̃̒̈͐̍̚̕͘͠ͅ.̷̡̧̹͓̟̥̭̰̞̦͔͖͍̞̗̜̮̪̤͎̱͙̳̞͖̦̪͎͔͕͎̙͖̱͕̼̩̲͇͈̭̽̔̂̇̌̑͊͘͜.̵̡͇̬̱͇̭̹̜̯̻̯̹̰̥͖̜̦͍̥͎̰͓̗͎̫͖̪͂̀̽̆̊̓̅̍̄̂̄̍̽̈̾̌̂͊̐͆̍͋͌͊̈́̍̎͋̀͆̍̎̽̿́͌͗̀̑͘̚̕̚̕̕͜͝͝͠ͅͅͅ.̸̡̡̢̭̭͇͎̺͔̝͇̬͍̱͙̦̻̤̖̤̬̟̦͖̲͖̬̰̬͍̦̜̙̝̭̟͖̯̄̾̏͒̃̌͋̍̍̽̅̊̈́́̈̈́̅͗̆̈̓́͘ͅͅ ̴̧̨̛̛̛̺̮̜̜̱̲̰̗̬̮͚͈̠̞̲̥͉͙̣̖͇̺͗̊̎̂̏͌̈́͐̈́̊̆̂͂͐̄̂̎̉̇̂͋̓̈́̀̅̑͛̃̍́̔͑̚̕͘͘̕͝͠ͅ-̷̨̢̛̮̻̹̺̝̹͔̖̩͎͇̙͈̫̱̟̱͉͈͍̳̮̰̱̜̜̩͕͕̗̹̹̦͍͖̟̳̩̺̥͔̟̲̥̙͛̅̅͑̇͊̿̈́̉̈́́̈́͒̈́͐͂̏͆̎͑͗͒͑̒̑̇̕͘͜͠͠ͅͅ-̸̢̢̛̦͉̝͇͍̮͙̭̫͇̼͕̪͒̏̽̅̄̾͂͂́̽̓̈̈́͐̄̀̾͛̿́̒͐̄̇͗͌̓̋̃͊̎̕͘͠͠͝͝-̷̧̡̢̛͔̭̰̖̤̯̗̩̘̞͎̗͚͎̬̫͓̫͇̩͓̦͇̻͖̫̲͕͙̺̯̻̪̤̗̟͎̇̾́̑̉̿̈̽̓͜͜͝ ̸̡̨̗̘̤̮͍͚̟̟͕̭̑̑́̈́̈́͒̀̈́̎̏̐͐̀̑̌͂̃̍̏͒̒̈́͂̚̕͝͝.̵̛̛̻̥͖̹̇͆̓͊͑̔̈́̽͊́͑̉̀͠͝͝-̶̨̛͈̯̱̞͉̳͓̻͖̹͚̼̣̃̎́̾̓́̈́͛͒̆̇͐͊͛̈́́̈̆̔̀́̓͆͗̎̂͛͋̊̕͝͠ͅ-̷̡̡̳͚̲̻̥̤̻͇̣̻̺͓͍̗̘̝͙̦͈̩͎̤̜͍̗̝̳̜͈̠͍͉̗̠͖̝̗̬͗̑̋͑̎̅̏͂̅̋̑̉̀̈́̾̈̑̑̽̏́̊̈́͘͜͜ͅͅ.̷̡̧̡̨̡̧̛̹̞͎̪̬̺̦̖̻̮͓̫͎͈͇̤͚̦̺̗̗̯̹̗͈̙̰̪͈̳̔̈́͛̀̑̿͛͐̐͂̏͊̒̑̔̌͋̈́́̔̀̽̀͗́͂͂̇͛̈́͛̍̂͂̕͘͜͠ ̵̡̧̨̧̡̨̨̹̩̬̥̤̠̻͔͙͍̟̤̮̮̻̥̦̞̯͚̠̮͎̯̺̠̳͇͚̫̖̩̝͚͙̠̩̈̓͊̃̇̆̏̍̓͛̄̐͐̀͘̕͜ͅͅ.̵͔̰͎̼̳̃̀̚ͅ ̵̡̧̡̫̟̪̳͍̣͍̜̞̫̞͙̜̖̤̗̼̹̥̤̻͔̎̉̈́́̓̑̐̍̆̃̽̒̓͒̇͌̄͌̆̅̍̈́͆͛̂̎̅̔̊͒̊͛̓͌̆͌̐̿̔̓̆͘̕͘̕͜͠.̶̢̨̛͔͙̺̭̪͉̲̯͋̀̅̃̊̈̽͂̑͂́̈̎̃̽̔̓̉̊̈́͊̉̇̑̈́̉͗̉̾͒̃͌̌̏̾͗͌͌̓̈̓͊͒̚͝͠͝͠ͅ-̶̛͓̙̙͉͂̒́̅̒͂̎̿̍̔̄̒̒̔̽̒͒̿́̄̾̿̎̈́͗̑̀̆͑̎̊̂̄̀̍̾̚͘.̵̨̬̘̯̘̝̪͙́̇̈́̇̓̈͒́-̴̧̢̧̨̢̛̹͉̘̩͉̞̮̫̞̞̺͙͓͎̯̱̼̘̖̪͔͚͈͈̥̘̹̥͍̼͉̺͙͍̳͉͐́̈́͒̈́̈͆̐̓̈́͆͂̓̅̔̈́̈̃̉̑͂̒͌͂͌̐̚͠͠͠.̷̧̢̧̧̛̺̦͓̮̫͚͚̬̹͔̯͖̯̮̻̻͇͈̘̖̳͍̫͖̲͎̺͉̫̣̥͊̑͆̐̂̓̈́͂̅͒̊̅̈́̍͆͑̉̌̀͌̎͆̀͋̐̀͑̈́͋̕̚͘̚͝͝͝͝ͅ-̷̛͈̺̪̎̔̀̈́̎͗͌̉̀̇̀̓̑̉̐̓͗̈́͌̇͋͊̉͗̇͐͌̐̍͌̓̇̓̌͆͘̚̕͘͠͠͝͠ ̸̡̢̱̦̥̫̦̘̮͓̝̹̼̝̝̻̲͙͙̲̬̭̹͆͐̇̅̈͊͐̌͐̔͒́͆́͒̍͒́́̓̽͂̐̏̓͊̚͘/̶̢̨̛̛̜͍̥͈̟̝͓̰̦̘̮̣̮̞̠̼̰̼͆͒̈́́̒́̈́̑̍̒̿͋͑̑̑͌͂̈́̎͋̂͐̈́̓̈́̃̾̆̾̈́́̚̕̕͝͝͝͠ͅ ̶̨̢͙̯̰̹̭̯͍̹̩͎͉͚̺̺̠̞̖̰̲͈͖̺̿͋̋̈́̀̍̒̎̍̊͑̾̓̏͂͊́̅̇̑̑̈̀͌̏̾̐͗̆̇͑̅́̎̇̚͠͝͠.̵̧̧̨̨̢̧̡̛̛̣̮̭͍͇̤͖̭͕͖̫̻̗̱̙͉͚̦͔̻̝͍̳͉̟̘̖̞̖͖̜̦̘̥̇̽̏̔̀̿͛̌̓̃́̄̓͋̽̎̾̈́͌͛̔͗͆̓͜͝ ̴̧̧̣̱͍̮͚͙͕̐̍̄͋̿̈́̓̔́͂̇̎̓̏͋̊̍̏́̒̐͐̾̾̑̋͂̄̽͋́̈̈́̊̚̚̚̚̚̕͝͠͝.̵̡̨̢̢̢̛̝̘̞͇̘̜̭͉̤̱̜̜̖͕̹̜̲̠̺̪̲͎͍̩͈͈̼̦͙͈̺̓̎͌̍̿̈́͂̈́͑͐̋̈͠.̵̢̧̢̢̢̡̧̩̳̰͚̮̦̩̬̯̱̲̰̹̻̭͖̯͖̠͍̥̤̼̖͓͎̙͇̺̥̰̩̙̪͓̏̿̃̋̀̊͋̆̀͌̽̌̊̽̈̎̈̅̐̾͐̔̍̀͛̂̐͊͛͌̏͌͂͂̿͌̕͘̕͜͜͝ͅ.̶̤̹̎̎̽-̵̢̨̧̢̡͉̰̘̰͉̯̖̦̞̦̬͎̪̘̪͓̻͖͕͎̞̩͔͎͍̪̞̮̟͈̘̟̫̭̠̩͂̍̎̏̇͒̓̾́̾̍̀̂̊̀͛́̽̀̉͂̉̃́̕͝ͅ ̴̛͉̠̲̰̰̹͒͛̿̑̄̀̐̀̾̄̽̓̅̑̽̄̒̓͌̌̍͆́͛͘͘͜͠͝͝͠.̶̡̹̱͚͓̪̮̯͖̱͉̤̙̰̼̞͚̥͓̭̗̙̄͂̊̋̌̊̅̏̏͗̌́͜͠ͅ ̵̧̨̢̩̩̹͉͚̖̹̮͓͔̜̭̙̮̘͑̂̄͆̍̇̇͗̀̓̽̏̉̇̒̕͜͜ͅͅ.̸̢̨̡̡͙̥̺̤̜̺͔̻̤̯̮̙̻̫̙̱̜͔͓͈͎̫̹͇͖̙̫̦͌̃̓̈̎́̂̾̈́̓̒̐̓̈̃̾͆̄̀͋͆̈̚̕̕͜͝͠͝͠-̸̡̢̡̨̢̛͙̞͚͍̰̠̘̰͈͖̞̭̙͍͇̦̘̝̝͖̞̮̙̏̀͋̀̔͆͒̒̆̆̓̀̅̀͗̓̋̃͊͛͐̑͒̚ͅ.̶̨̨̨͖͔̫͈̩͍͕͍̞̳̬̜̺͒̓̋͊͂̒̈́̈̀̂̓́̎̂̐͛̐̈́̔̏̐̔́̎̇̍̒̉̐̚͜͜͠ ̵̡̢̣̟̫̳͓͎̦̞̬̙̥̞̰̱̟̟̜͈̳͈̥̣̞̻̳̘̭͇̭̯̣͚͉̋̉͜-̸̢̧͖͚̱̥̮̰͈̥͇̳̗̙̓͊͛͂́͗͐͠ͅ.̵̨̧̨̢̛͕̺̮̹͍͇͔̦̗̯͍̗͉̞̱̞͕̤̞̣͕͖̙͙̯͇̥̰̩̳̼̺͕̦͔̤̤̈́̔͂͐͐̌̍́̉̀̓̂͊̏̿̓̂̓̾̿̎͋̀̍͑̊̉͂̓̆̐̈́͌́̆̋͐͘͠͠͠͝-̴̨̡͇̯͖̟̥̮̬̟͕̯̝͖͚̘̙͈̱͚͚̖͈̱̰̭̹͚̗̥̙̬̞̭̈̋̏̏͊̆͒̎͋̈́̿͑͊̐̀̚͜͝ͅͅ-̴̡̨̢̠̰̣̮̺̺̯͍̭̥̺̹͙͓͔̯͔̱͎̟͙̬͎̒̑̄̈́͛̌̒́̈́͒̈́͑̊͗͒̌̆̒̕̕͝͠ ̸̨̢͖̯̳̪͎̯̼͓͎͕̞͈̼̖͎̮̼̯̜̪̰͎̪̲͙̰̩̞̳̩̬̈́̐̉͊́̂̀̆̉͑͋̏̍͗̑͛̏̎̓͐̒̆̓̿͋͐͗͂̈́̈́̉̂̐̑̈́͆̉̓́̔͋͗̋̍̍̔̾͘͠ͅ/̵̧̛̛̖̗͚̺̖̣͓̻͇͔̦̙̘̐͋̀͒̎̒̋͆̒̑́̓̌̈̇̔͂͐̊̽͆̐̊͋͛̽̈́͌̉͗̄̂̚͝͠ ̸̨̧̢̧̢͇͓͍̘͙̪̳͇͍̺̘͇͖͈̩̘̭̪̳̭̹͈̬͇̣͙̣̗͓̮͖͚̺̼͎̘̀͆̊͋̾̉̂͐͊̍̏͒͒̋̓͊́͛́̐̿͊̋̇̀̆̈́̎̍̀͛̎͐͋̄̃̓̊̊͊̇̀͆̌̚͜͝͝͝ͅ.̷̛̻͉̍̔̂͛̉̑̄͒̏̀͒̋̎̌͌̀̍̄̔̀͗̉̌̒̓̋̏̍̔͐̃͐̀͑͊̒͆̎̚͘̚̕͠͠͠͝-̴̢̛̭̜͕͈͉̭̭̠̫̖̝̗̳̼͍̯̠̲̣̫͖͔̙̃̊̂̎̐̓̋͛̂̎̒̑̏̀̀̐̈̀̏͆͂͑͆̈̏͋̐͑͆̃͑̓̑̾̿̐͆͗̇̽̕̚̚̚͜͜͜͝͠͝ͅͅ.̵͎̓͂̅̆͑͒̇͋̿̅̓̏͂̏̒͐̈̀̑̌̿͗̾̔̈͌͆͌̔̿͛̅̍̎̉̇̂̏̉̓͘͝͠ ̶̢̨̨̛̯̮͉̦̻͖̥̻͇̜̪̭͚̟̫̙̂͒͂̒̀̏̂̾͛̈̔̈́̄̇̾͗́̈́͗̍̈̑̈́͊̓̿̑̓̈̏̉̇͠͠͠.̴̢̡̛͎͇͓͇͉̞̻̩̖̜̼̜̩̱̬̪͎̻̜͙̮̪͖̩̭̥̹̺͙̫̙͓̜͚͍͚̃́̉̅́́͆̂̎͆̕͜ ̶̛̛͇̘͍͙̗͖͔͔̲̜̣̞̙̜̱̯͍͍̠̥̼̠̖͍̥͔͓̬̱̝͎̘̜̬̳̅̋̋͗̓̆͆̊͌̈́̀́̇̓̇̍̄̒͌̆͗̾͂̈́̾̋̆̎̈́̾̏̈̾̐́̆͊̀̾̂̎͗̽̑̕̚͜͜͜͝͠ͅͅ.̴̙̟͕̿̓̇̿̃͗̇͑̓̈̈̎̂͆͐͋͐̄̊͋͗̍͗͗̒̕-̶̨̢̦̻̠̭̪̯͓͉̝͚̠̯͍̗͓̹͉̪̞͚̰͉̦̻̻̺͈͇̜͇̳̩͕͇̭̳̜͓̣̤̠̪̑̉̓̃̿͒̐̀͒͋͜͝ͅ ̶̡̡̨͚̘͖̘̦̠̞͕̻̹̞̦̙͚̦͍͔̲̠̰͔͇̰̗̘̥̜̻̌.̷̛͍̬͈͕̜̺̹̽͑̊̀͒͐̈́̍̽̋͝-̸̢̫̗̰̙̦͓͉̬͇͋̽̆̎̽̏͆͆́̅̈́͗̅̉͊̔̏̾͐̑͛̈́̄̾̃͗̅͛̓͂̽̀̾̀̃͂̕͘̚̚̚̕͘͠͝.̸̝̳̲̜̲͓̞̮̂̒̐.̷̡̧̧͚̬̥̤̼͙͍̮͎̞̟̮͉̖̯͇͖̦̘̜͔͍̩̱̟̜̺̩̗̩̦̠͙͍̭̲̱͖̘̾̔̌̈́̈́̅̆̄̈́̆̂͌͛̂̕͜͜͜͜͝ͅͅ ̸̧̛̛͍̹̱̬̰̭̼̝͖̳̹̦̺̥͕͓̭̲̞͎̪̖̬̲̻̰̘̟͎̠͂̍͂͐̀̐̄̓̎̊̅͋͆̿̃̀̽̽͐̍̌̒̒̓̂͊̑̐́̊͗̃̆͑̀͘͘̚͜͝ͅ-̴̛̙͍̩͌͗͆̌̈́̊̈̿̇̓̑̇͆͊̈́̍̓̽̽̀͂̍̏̔́̄́͂̐̅̀̓̀́̇̿͛̓̀͐̎̅̚͘͘͝͠͠͝-̷̢̧̨̛̛̘̫̰̱̖̲̫̩̣̙̮̼̹̬͍͖̺̮͎̳͍̗̺̣͕͕̱͕̽̈́̄̉̍͂̎̏̎̋͛̃̀͌̿̀̂̉̇̂͛͆̊̃̿͐͛̒̊̌̆̽̔̐̓͜͠͝͝͝ ̴̨̢̡̛̻͈͙̬̬̜̭͈̫̥͈̣̗͇͇̺̪͔͉̰͕̩͙̱̮̣̞̪̲̳̏̈́̀̐̾̐͗̃̊̌͑̂̆̆̿͂͑͒͊̊͗̂͊̈͛̋́̚͘͜͜͠ͅ/̶̛̞̹͍̲̄͌̉̆̈́̔͗̀͒̌͂̎̄͒̀̈́̎̃̓̈͑͊̃̽̿͒̔̅̓̔̎̐̄́̈́̆̍̈́̋͂͂̄̿̚̚͘͘͜͠͝ ̵̨͔͗̋̆̓̀̑͘.̷̡̡̢̛͓͈̘̮̭̤̪͉̟̣͉͍̲͍̜͔̰̺̺̼̟͓̹̹̗̟̓̈̔̏̔̈́̍̂́̈̅͂͑́̇͊̈́͛̽̀̇͆̐̿̐̇͝.̸̨̡̡̧̛̤͚͚͇͉̣͇̰̪̣̻̘͍̬͈͔̰̿͋̎̀̐͆́̒̾̈̉͛̀̐͊̌̊́̈́̂̇͛̀͋͊͑̀̿̈̒̂̏̓̈̂̅̋̂͘̕͘͘̕͠ͅ.̸̧̧̢̡̖̖̹̣͓̙̜͉̟̼̙͕̬̺̫͉̪̙̳̯̺̤̥͖̙̝̙̺̪̪̰͕̞̙̫̟̘̪͉͔̮̣̄̒͒͋̂̈́̍̏̿̍̍̆͂̿̓͠ͅ ̸̢̖̩̹͖̮̰̭͎̟̖͉͓̱̤̪͎̺͎͇̖̻̺̲̮͓͂̾̀́̀͐͊͘͜͜͜.̸̨̨̢̛͔̜͓͇͚̩͕͕̯̜͖͎̪͇͓̘̼̼̦͖̞̫̣̙̭̪̙̩̓̃͒̄̈́͐̊̍̔́̆͒͒̇̔̐̑͌̓̋̽̽̐͌̽͗̎͒̓͑̆̆͋̾̂͌̈͘̚͘̚̕͝͝͝.̶̨̢̡̢̨̧̛͇̼̻̩̟̝͙͙̦̙͇̺̥͖̙͚̻̪͉̟͓̞̙͕͇̻̗͉͇̬͈͎͉̖̥̻̩̦͚̄͆̓̈́͛̆͛̈͆̋̓̾̔̇̍͊̆́̄̀̐̾̿̏̍͆̈́͊͑͒̂͐̓͘̕̚͜.̷̨̨̨̡̡̳͙̺̻͓̜͖̹̩̗̪̪̜͇̮̣̘̩̮͚̼̝̘̮̤̯̩̜͍̰̞̳͉̞̅̊͜͜ͅ.̶̨̡̛̗̮̤̯̳̩̣͕̪͔͍͇̦̮̀̀̂̾̑̋̈́͊̋̓̄̈́͋̆̃͒̈͆̈̀̑̀͗̀͌̆̉̇̒́̈́̆̊̓̄̚̚̕̚͘̕͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ ̷̢̧̡̨̛̗̦̥͙̞̬̥͈̠͓̻͓̟͚͍̥̫͓̮̰̗̤͖̗̺̜̬̘͚̜̠͕͔̙̘̹̹̥̦̣̞̻̍̈́̍̀͊̌̍̅̽͐́͘͜͝ͅ.̶̛̲͓̬̮̝̬͚̠̥̖̜̙͖͚̬̌̿̅̽̈̄̔͌̊͜͝ͅͅ-̸̠̼̠͙̹̯̮̖͕̳̯͇̪̹͖͐̀̃̆͗̃̐̇̅̍̌͗̈́̓̈́͗̀͌͛̌̈͒͆̾̃̍̈́͋̉̚ ̵̢̨̢̧̤̦͇͙̗͔̰̲͕͈̗̫͕͇̬̮͓͍̘̩̗͎̹̫͉̰̦͇̹̝̈́̃̈́͒̾̄̈́̅͗̈́̄̋̃̐̈́̅̒̎́̌̍̈́̕̚͜͠͠͝ͅͅ.̸̛̣̝͎̘͉͎̦̗̙͉̫́̓̔̔̌́̌̑͌̈͌̏͛́̽̈́̓̌̈́̍̀̔̔͐̔͘̕̚͝͝-̷̨̢̨̨̡̨̛̣̞͇͇̳͙̯̘̳̻͖̞͈͕̳̦̰͖̺̣̠̼̦̦̟̤̻͖͎̩̣̟͉̫̟͍̞͉͑́̅́͒͊͂͗̆́̈́̆̂̈́͐̉̊͛̅́͛̓̌̒͑̓̊͐̈́͑̿͌̐̔̌̅̚͠͝͠.̴̨̛̙̤̹̿͂̍͛̑̆͑̒͋̑͂̽͊̊̏̐͆̃̊̽͊͛͗̆̽̊̽̾̒͌̒́̆̃̍͘͘̚.̴̨̨̡̖̯͎̩͙̗̥͔̜̘̺͚̲͙̯̠̜̘̝͆͐̌̏̏̋̒̈̔̏̕͜͠ͅ ̵̛̗̭̫͔̹̫̜͕̜̲̘̯̖̰̰̬̼̠̰̤̣̖̠͕̹̎̀̽̊̑͊̊̄̇̓̽͊͐́͒͂̅̍̾͆͗̈̆̋̊̍̒́̑̓͛̒̋̇̈̈́̈́͗̀̄̀̋̚͝͝͠͠͠͝.̴̧̧͇̹͇͎͙̠̼͉̩̰̝̗̩̟̻͉̪̦͔̱̦̟̩̹̦̦̬̻̪̭̬̟̤̙̮̯͖̠̮̐͆͂̈̃̍-̵̨̡̡̡̞̗͉̮̦͕̲̊́̓͌͂͋̓͗̍̈́̀͆͛̋̐̽̀͛̿͂̏̈̑̎̌̒̄̈́̾̚̚̚͠͝.̴̧͇̺͚̳̙̝͓͋̂̋̈́͂̃̒̎̾̈̋́̓̂͗̓̇̓̀͑̅̉̽̀̕̕.̶̢̡̧͕̼̮̪̬̹͙̳̝̘̬̖͖͎̥̪͇͍̼̺̯͚̦̦͂̒̍̈́̓̋͂̈̈́̅̐̽̇̇͋̌͑͊͊͐̃̈́͌̊̑͋͋̈̔̿̚͘͝ͅ ̸̧̡̦͈̖̱̭̻͍͉͇͔̖̩͇͎̫̺̠̠̫̖̖̩̘̬̐̾̈́̀͊̃̈́̍̃̄̽͌́̑͐̓̋̇͛̏͋̃̽̊̈́̄̋̅̿̃̊͑̔̉̓́̔̅̈́̃̋̊͘͠͠͝͠ͅ/̶̨̧̡̛̟̗̹̘̰̗̞̟̠̤̼̻̖̝̙̻̖̙̣̺̙̮̲̯͓̖̳͎̑͒̔̈́̾̈̈́̐͛́́̿̃̊́͒͌̄̅̿̊̾͆̉̎́͘͝͝͠͝͝ ̵̨̧̡̤̩͖͇̗̰͕̟̰̥͓̺͕͚̻̮̪̮̂͋̊͐̀͛̆̓̑̆̀̆̏̄̈́͌͘̚̚͜͜͝͝͝͝-̵̬͚͍̣̖̻̟͈̞̘͙̬̭̯͔͎̙͓͔͇̥̣̫̖͍̮͙̦̱͚̟͚̻̻̺͓̀̇͐͋͒͂̐̈͂͑͛́̎͆̀̏͆̌́̓̑̂̆̌̿́̔̋̿̂́̽̐͆́͌̔̈́͘͝͠ͅͅͅ.̸̧̢̯̹̻̰̱̜̪̲͉͎̰̤̜̗͖̤͙̺̯̙͕̟͇̠̼͕͔̙̲͔͚̦̞̙̞̲̼̟̱̻̝̦̅̏̅̉͆̌̂̉̌̏̃̽̇̅̏͆̋̈́͋̎̐̀̈́̒͊̓̔͛͐̊̆̀͗̔͘͘͜͜͝͝͝ͅͅͅ.̷̡̨̧̡̘̭͕͎̯̤͖̹͚̪̦͈̺̫̙̺̥̺͍̬̤͓̭̝̯̭̩͓̺͚͓͈̻͙͚̥͈̘̰͖͚͙̹̪̈́̔̓̿͒̋̇̎̒̾̅͋̈́̋̄̄̏̈̽͗͐́͋̽̐̀̆͊͂̐̋͌̋͛̕̕̚͘͘͜͠͝ͅ.̵̨̨͈͖͚͉̦̺͙̠̯̝̰̬̟͓̲̙͒͛̏̇̌̈́͂̃̌̀̅́̈́̔̉̀̓͒̃͑͗͑́̔̓͊̈́͌̿̒̇̅͜ ̶̨̛̮̜̣̝͕̪̬̟̪͍̦̰̗͇̘̺̬̗̹̗̗̠̹̳̹͕͉̄̊͒̆͊͗̊͌̄̑̉̾̌͌͗̎͛͑̈́̓͐͒̓͛̍̍̿̚̚͘͘͝͝͝͝͠ͅ.̶̨̪̤̅̒̂́͑͜ ̵̡̧̛̭̝̖̘̱̜̬̫̟̮̻̘͈̪͖̮͚̖̬̳̪͖̝̤͍̦̙͙̲̱̳͉̱̊͐̐̅͐͗̈́̍̌́̎̊́̄͆̔̇͊͆̈́̒̈́̀̀͐̇̓̎̀̌͘͜͠͠͝-̷̡̨̝̖̜̭͇̤͎̣̫̪̲̜̳̫̺͍̺̘̦̪͔̤̗̹̪̻̱̱̝̤̼̼̻̱̹̤̳̼͕̤͎̠̅̑͌̾̌́̏ͅ.̵̢̨̥̞͚̼̮͎̱̭̩̳̙̟̬̖̖͈̝̼̫̲͍̻̗̎̓̈́͑̅͛̈́́̒̈̆͑̆̉̆͗́̆͑̽͊̍̎̄̽̇̒̍̕̕͝-̶̢̡̬͈̺̮̤̝̙̣̖̗̝͖̟͈̩͓̞͉̺̞̞̝̬̦̼̦͎̫̞̭̣̤̳̠̜͕͉̙̞͂̈̄̏̎́̕̚͠.̷̧̛͚͍͉͙̳̟̲͖̖͔̣̈̈̈̀̌̈́̑̂̃͌̑͋̈́̓̓͆̓̎̈́̈́̂͛͌̃̚̕͜͝͝ͅ ̷̢͓̘̳̠̥̻̣̳̥̮̩͚͈̘̼͇̩͍̘̜̠̰͙̲̩͖̮̈́̂̋̐̽̌͋͑̂̈̈̐͂̆̍̈́͑̿̈́͛͛̽̈̀̑̓̎̅̈́̊͊̄̕̕͜͝͝͠-̶̜̘͎̙̣͈̱̟̼̩͇̲̟̲̝͉͇̣̱̪͚͋́̓̓̇̀̃̀́̉̃̌̈̓̈́̽̏͗̾̈́͐̐̀͛́͒̎̋͐̉̿͋͘͘͠ͅ-̷̡̹͉͖̻͚̝̟̭̗̭͈̺̥̖͙̀̈́̚͜-̴̧̭̜̗̬̦̼̺͇͕̦̫̑̈́̈́͒̿͂́͒̓͑̉̆̽̄̏̉̎̂̈́͗̾́̂̾̏̽͒̃́͛̈́̎̈́̈́̚͘͘͜͝ ̸̨̛͇̜͙̟͉̂̄̆́̐̿̆͒̽̊̑͂͂͗͊̐͗̓͐̀̕͘͜͝͝͠-̸̢͈͖̥̬͇̦̬̖͉͓̭̖͔̯͙͉̰͎̫̥͗̒̆̈̂̄̈̓͘͜͜͝-̷̛͓̥̯̺̜̗͕͍̖̣̖̙͖͒̍̿̈́͊̀̈́͒̿̊͐̐͒̐̾̈́̏̈̈́̊̍̀̅̓͐̈͒̇̊̿̓̈̅̓̍̿̎̈́̕͘ ̷̧̡̨̢̡̛̩̻͔̟͖̟͓͖̳̥̰̘̘̜̞̝͔̬̙̩͚̭̦͍̙̪̤͉̣̖͚̫͚̪͈͓̘͉̫̬̯̈̍̍̍̊͑̌̐̍͑̿͆́̂̉̔̔́̏̅͑̓́͌̋̓͑͑̇̅̾̈́̂̋̓̉̈́͗́̏̐̆͒͌͒̚͜͠ͅ.̸̞̬̟̅̂̽̂̏̍̈́̓͌͋̊͑́͐̊̅̈̒͐̑̌̄̌̾͊͋̋̀̎̀̈́́̈́͜ ̵̧̛̹̯̫̦͈̭̠̱̜̗̟͔̘̠͕͙͕͓͓̽̃̅̉̑́̿̽̒̂̀̈́͗̈̃̀͐̓̈͐̇͊/̷̢̭̦̫̗̭̻̟̯̗̺̙̰̭̖͉̞̥̭̱̦̳̫̞͙͚͕̯̪̞̬̗̲̳̙͖̱͙̞̻̖̩̪̜̝͜͝ ̷̱̝̫̄̾̊̾̀̾̀̄͑͂͊͋͑̓̈́̅̉́̕͝-̷̡̛̛͚̈́̌̏̊́̎́̈́̌̅́̊́͆̏̂̉͆̿̿́̋̉̆̎̈̎͠ͅ-̴̡̡̢̛̛̛̳̥͚̰̩͉͍͉̻̜͙̣̟̪̞͈̖̞͖͙̮͔̣̰̣̞̯̳̭̭͙̪͕̮͖͔̤̼͎̯̮͙͋̎̊̃͗̓̌̈̄̈́͋̊́͛̈́͂̒̈̓̿̅̈́͊̋̅̌͑̂͒̇̎̓͘͘͝͠ͅͅ-̸̨̢̧͕̖͓̦̱͖̯̩̯̪̻̰̤͎͉̜͙̜̭̤͓̠͈͎̒̐̿̉̍͝ͅ ̷̢̢̡̢̧̨̧̣̹̰͎̩̤̭̩̤̯͕͓̩͕͈͙͚̳̼̜̖̗͉̼͓͔͔̹͙̙̼̰̖̒͌̋̀̉̍͗̀̋̾͆̔̀̈́̿́̆̊̈̋̏͘͘͜ͅ-̶̛͇͇̥̪̲̻̥̘͕͈̼͓̼̺͎͔̑͊̈́̆̓͂̈̐̊̐́͋̇̎̈̑͂̎͘͝.̷̢̧̨̛̛͙̞͓͉̮̯̟̩̗͈̣̪̩̭̱̦͚̠̟̯̖̘͚̦̣͕̱̹̻̱̰̲̍͊͋͒͂̉͊́͊͌͑͆̇͑̐̈́̎̇̌̃̏̽͒̎̄̍̏̌̋́̈́̔̚̕͘͜͠͝ͅ ̷̛̼͍̑͑͗͋̓̌̑̅͋͂̉̈́̈́̀̈́́͑̋̾̐͊͆̂̊̍͋̾̈̀̔̈̄̑̒̽̈̅̚͘̕̕͝.̶̢̨̡̡̧̡̨̬̹̥̟̯͉̘̣̥͔̟̟̣̝̤̦͉̘̤͚̦̦̱̲͙̜̝͚̰̖̲̰̦͓͔̗͙̦̞͘͝ ̴̢̡͈̦̺̖̖̤̩̰͕̮̩̻̤̥̰͉͈̗̘͈̩͍̘̳̤̞͍̦̠̦͖̼̗͖̳̯̹͎͚̳̞̝̬̈͜͜ͅ.̷̧͓̪̺͔̭̰̻̹̪̙̑́̿̈́̕͘ͅ-̸͙̰͓̙̝͉͂̓̅̎͒̀̈́̈́̋̂̌̊͊̋̆̕͠͝.̵̨̧̡̬̖̱͔͓̻͖̲͎̠̼̮̺͎͕̫̭̖̠̖͉̤͍̼̺̹̟̹͇̖͔̬̟̯͛̈̃͐͐͗͊̈́̓̇̐̐̌̒̾͂̒̋͑̊̋̏͊͗̋̎́̀̓̈͐̾̕̕͘͜͜͝͠͝͠ͅ-̵̢̜̪͔͈͓̮͚̣̯͈̯͔̙̼̫̻̣̰̪̩̫̜͕͇̬̯͖͍͇͎͚̞͛̇͛͗̋͋̀͂̈͒͗̿͐͌̿̂̇̓͋̉͊̽́̅̕͜͜͜͜ͅͅ.̶̞̳̙̮̹̟͔̜̲̿͂̈́͌̍̆̄͗̏́̿̽̀͐͑́͋̿͛̓̾̕̕͠-̴̨̧̢̡̘̣̭̖͓͎̪̗̬͓̮͉̪͇̦̖̬͕̟̺̪͇͖͕̙͉̤̖͕̦͈̰̠͔͇̞̠͋̊̿̌̃̈́̾̾͆̅̉́͋̄̀̀̊̏̍̅̑̌̐̈́̈́͘̕̚̕͠͠ͅ ̷̮͙͛̇̃̈̽̀̃̏̈́͐̀̿͛̈̄͝/̸̨̨̜̻̭̖̠̳̪͙͍͉͇̙͈̻̟̠̣͇̙̟̖̳̟̦́̓̇̇́̓̂͒͋͋̒͌̒̓̓̒͜ͅͅ ̴̧̧̩̟̭̻̰͔͙̦̤̪̜͉̮̥͕͉̖̠͎̱̻̼̝͉͈̤͉͔̰̳͇̯͖̱͈̬̻̠̬̻͔̹̳̭͚̯́͋̀͊̂̓̂̇̔̇͆̕̕͜͝ͅ.̶̨̗͍̰̱̖̭͎͔̖͕̳̫̰̀͂̅͐̋̈́̀̀͋͆́̾̄̈̒̃̅͋͋̉̍͛̐̈͒͛͠.̵̡̢̧̨̡͓̦͈̖͖̟̮͓̫͚̳͖̭͎̰͈͈͉̤̫̳̬̬͇̬̱͕͔̠͍̳̞̙͕̻̣̙͖̺͚̲̺̅̓̿̇͘͜͝͝.̸̧̨̢̼͖͙̙̖͔̗̯̰͓͔͇̹͚̺͚͍̖̲̩̖̺̫̞̰̗̲̜̘̹̹̪̼̹̗̤̪̤̺̻̎̾̓̀͋́̏̏̚͜ͅ ̴̻̳̻̪̜̞͓͓̊͊̈́̎͌͒͛-̴̨͖̭̫̩͍͍̥̘̺̠͎͚̋́͆͠ ̸̡̛̬̩̱̱̲̫̟͔̣̘̱̞̙͔̠̠͉͙͈̤̥̖͖̖̱͆̋̾͐̌̀̈̑͋͒ͅ.̸̧̨̨̛̟̥͙̯̯̼̰͇̺͕̜̗̞͈̲̭̹͉̱̱͎̭͕̗͎̳͍̬̲̹̣̤̰͙̗̀̎̀͑̎͑̃̈́̅́̉̄̆̑̇̐̾̈́́̂̈́͒̋͛̿̔̏̃̓̉͒̋̓̓̄̇͐̈̈́̓̇͂̈́́̀͘͘͜͝ͅͅͅ-̶̢̨̛̛̛̛̦̺͖̘͚̮̱̰̳̗̩͛̈̅̆́̄̍̇͌͒̅̆̂̆̈͌́̍͊̒̽̄͑̆̿̎̔̅̊̐̚̕̚̚͘͘͠͠͠͠͠.̴̨̨̢̧̢͇̜̝̻̥̝̻̼̪̝͈̰͓͉̝͍̞̖̜̜̫͖̖̦̼̝̱̯̰̠͕̝͎̯̺͇̮͔͍̗́͋̅̂͐̂̇̄̑̈́̊̓͝͝ ̸̢̣̼̮͔̘̺̽ͅ.̸̨̛̛̣̜̹͎͙̰͓̬̼̲̞̭̫̖̗̹̪̻͍̰̮̳̜̙̺̤̥̙͓̻̺̻̱̻̳̍͂̽̃͑͆̒́̽̎̄̃͊̄́̾̍̋̇̀̇̍̅̀̓̈́̽̕͜͝͝͝ͅ ̸̡͉̠͉̲̖̻͉̪͈̙͂̅̌͒̾͂̒̈́̇̃͗̋̏̓͆́̊͑͛̈́͋́̊̾̆̓̾̕̚̕͘̕̕̚͝͝͝-̷̧̨̧̧̱̘̞̦̣͈̲̲̺̰̫͖̬̘͎̺̭̦͉̠̄̓̈̐̎̌̈́͑͛̓͆̉͗̍̍̋͂́̕ͅ ̶̡̧̡̧̡͓̭͕̞̯̤̖̥̞͚̝͖̘̩̖̩͍̘͍͓͇̠̝͓̖̱̳̞̠͎̊͆̆̀̽́́͂̾̀̈́̌̿̆̀̇̌̀̽̈́̓̎͘͝͠͝ͅ-̵̡̢̗͙̬̊̀̀̈͆͒̈̑̈́͒̾̀͐͂̃̆͆͝͝.̷̧̨̛̜͕͖̝̗̪͙̩̼͚̜̦͍̖͎͉̱̻͔̱̱̭͓̰͇͖̯͇̩̬͕̜͎̖̎̑̔̽́͛͗̈͆̆̒̈́̈́̓͌̌̓̇͐̓̌̅͂̂͋̔̽͛͊͂̿̀́̋̚̕̕͘͜͝͝͠-̸̨̢̨̨͔̩̗̝̳̙̣̮̺̮͔̲̰͕͖̞͉̥̹̻͓̰̙̱͔̯̟͇͔͓͖̥̣̲̬̟͎̮̙̯̓̒̇̀̆̽̽̈́͂̑̄͋̃̀̌̑̅͗̆͒͒̓̈́̋͊̄̈̎͒̔̀̊͛̓̒̎̕͘͜͜͝͝ͅ.̶̧̧̢̛̜͍͚̻͍̖͚̜̺̭͓͈̥̣͉̮̳͎͉͓̥̫̙͓͖̱̥͔͔̰̣̗̜͇́̈́̈̓̏͊̈́̈̓̓͌͊̌̃̓́̂̀̑̀̽͐̑͆̃͊͗̊͋̚͘̕̕͜͜ ̵̡̡̘̤̟̟̜̹͚̖͈̞̼̩̻̟̙̘̮̟̜͚͕̞̳̻̟͙̹̠͓̤̭̌͌̀̈̐̈́͌́̅̋̅̍̂̍͆̋̍̀̄̂͋̎̈́͛̌̓̓̔̀͂̌́̄̐̌̄͘̚̕.̵̨̧̞͇͔̮̳̣͙̼͍̞̮̮̣̬̻͔̝̜̪̹̗͙̟̻̗͈͇̭̯̭͚̠̞̫͋͒̈́̿̿̓̈́͆̎̆̾̓̓̊̀̈́͛͛͗̕͠͝.̶̡͎̐͛̋̽̃̿̏̐̈́̈́̊̓̓͂̔͆̊̓̚̚͘͝.̷̛͍̫͎̩̱̟̦̜̮̠̫̱̝̯̒͐̋̀̀̉̔̑̓͘͘͝.̸̟̼̣̗̫͚̳̥̱̦̘̤͈̲̟̩̻͉͎͎̠̠̮̞̥̗̹͍̹̜̅̋͜͝ͅ ̴̢̧̧̧̢̛̛̫̟͉͈͎͙͍͓̙͖͉̲̹̲̠̖̘͉̮̣̞͖͍̮͈̲̥͙̮͎̘͇͇̎͂͂̓͌͂̀͗̈́͛̓̄́́͌̆͌̈́́̄̽̓̓͋̊̄̐͂́̽̚̕͠͝ͅ/̵̢̡̛̛͍̣̙̻͖͖͚͕̜̠̳͓̭̣͇̩͓̘́͋̑̌̒̋̉̃̆͛̿̒̇͐̓̉͑͒͑̌̍̐̔́̀̋̓̈̓̈́̊̎̈́̒̐̌̑͑̈̔̚͜͝͝͝͝͠ͅ ̸̡̛͖̙͈̺̗̝̯̜̫̘̩̦͓̱͗̂͊̈́̏͐̌̾̀̋͒̇͐͒͊̅̎̃͘͘-̴̧̨̨͔̦̮̩͎̖̜̝͇͇̹̞̮̻̹͙̻̫͇̦̺̀̈́̅̏͌̓̓̀̾̎͐̿̇̍̀͐̏͂̿͊̅́͑̒̅̎̃̃͂̆̑̿̕͠͠.̴̡̢̧̢̢̛̛͎͚̞͚̦̪͎̯͎̰̜̯̼͕̞̯͕̯̻̯̮̝̻̪̫̈́̅̅̆͐͛͛́̍̑̎̍̆̅̈́̎̂̓͊͗̊̓͒͊͊̄̄̊͌̄͗̽͂̌̆̽͜͠ͅ-̴̡̛̛̲͓̜̠͕͕̟͉͍̣̻̳̰̪͉̈̉̑͗̊̾̏̋͂̈́̈̓̉́̏͆̓̎̂̀̉̒̑̎̌͊̾̈́̕̕͜͠͠-̴̫͔̬͎̰̩͉͉̩͓̟̣̩͚͝ ̷͕̃̍͆̌̂̆͌̋́͋͗̒̓̔́͆́́̈́̇̀̎̕͘̚͘̚͘͝-̵̡̛̟̟̳̼͖͉̗̬̲̻̘̮͙̦̼̤̭͔̹̫̺̜̇̏͋̀̅͂́̄͗̋̑̋͋̈̓̄̈͝-̴̧̡̨̡̧͓̳͉̲̤͇͖͕̭͔̲̼͚̱͔̮̞͇̱̺͈̭͔͎̱̗̗̹͓̥͎̫̳̤̮̼̮̯̜̜͇̘̹̒̇́̂̄̃͂͜͠͠-̵̢̢̧̢̡͇̩̝̻̟̺͕̻̼̣̘̣̠̥̥̰̘͉̭̲͉͙̙̤̤̱̯̗͖̖̳̥͈͚̀̓̆̅̋͊̐̈̈́̉̏̓́͒́̌̇̇̌̈́̽̌̍̆̾̃̃͐̾͆̓̿͆̐̆̈́̚͝͠ ̵̡̧̡̧̨̛͔͈̥̲̱̳̰̠͍͎̰̼̤̮̀̀͊͒̏̎͒̈́̈́̀͒́̈́͊̋͂́̿̃̀̈́̏̄́̅̽̈̍̕͠͝͝ͅͅ.̵̧̡̨͖̤̫̬̱̗͇͇̦̘̦̪̦͍͓͉̮̗͇͚̮̯͍̜̦̞̬͖̗̟̠̞͙̞̠̌̍̃̄́͜͜ͅͅ.̷̢̢͎̤̖͓̬̹̳̣̥̲̠̖̠͓̬̙͎̼̖͈̘͇̻̠̙̼̄͂̂̀ͅ-̵̡̢̨̢̖̥̣̹͈̯̥̳̺̘̺̩̘̭̫̯̘̽̓̀̅̂̊̉̋͛̚͜ ̵̛̠͖͉̜͓̙̫͕͎̼̟̍͒͋͂̈́͗͗̾̽́̿ͅ.̶̨͙͇̖̭͉͙̹̀̽̔̓̽̈́͌̓̃̈́̃̀̉̒̽̋͜-̶̢̡̛̰̮̩͎̲̝̼͈͓͍̣͖͖͔͔̥̩͚̺͙̭̲͍͇̰̤̖̻̬̰̘̘̳̰͔̳̘̞͉͈͚̯̹͂̒̃̈́́̇̃͊͆̍̈́̀̂͊͛̌̿̀̿̅̈́̊͂͗͌̌̑̄̎̎͛̋́̓̚͠͠.̸̨̢̡̨̨̛͎̤̰̺̣̲̻̭͖̞̩̞̦̼̯̯̜̣̾̔͌̑̈́͗͋̏͛̀̓͋̀͜͜ ̶̨̡̢̭͎̣͇͉͈̮̹̟̘̮͉͍͎̺̰͈̲̩͚̺̖̟̦͕͔̈́́̿͂͑̌̿̑́̂͐̍̓̽̊̉͐̄͗̈́̃̄̃͌͐̓̾̾̿̑̂̌̓̈́́̈͋͆͘͘͘͜͝͝ͅͅ/̸̡̧̧̛̛̛̦̻̲̘̘̗̖͈̟͙̮̰͉̣̠͈̦͇͔̥̫̲̂̒͛̀̉͋̿̔̿̏͗͐̏̊̈́̒̐̕̕͜͠͝ͅ ̶̹̪̥̺̑͋͛͆́̈́͐̿͂̀̇̈́̿͑̍͒͆͆̀̏́̍̈̃͆̔́̋̀̒́͒͊̒͑̈́̕̚͝͝͠.̴̢̛̛̯͍̬͍̹͇̦͖̭̩̰̳̹̱̦̱͉̠̗̣̰͖͔͚͉̬͖̳̩̝̤͓͎͕͍̱̜͕̻̭̘̞̜͌̈̉̓͌̆̈́͐͒͛́͆̔̽́̎̈́̈͋́̄͑̈̑̾̈̆͛̇̄̀̿̐͊̅̚̚͘̚̚̕̚͜͝͠͝͠.̷̢̢̨̨̛̜̳̖̣̯͙̻̱͚͇̪͎͉͔̳̙̻̠͖̫͔̪̰͚̜̟̟̲͓̲̮̩͇͖̼̜̱̦̭̹͈̮̤̱̲̩̃̒͑̀̇̾͛̎͛̊͆̊̓͆̉̆̀͋͆̇́̀̿́̚̕͠͝͝͠.̴̡̧̨̡̧̡͉̝͉̬̰͈̲͕̩͚͍͈̤̩͈̙̜̟̭̳̣̮͍͍̟͖͈̹̖͉̗̓͒͐̏̓̃̾̌̊̔͗̿̽̏̍͐͐͒̀̏̊̑̎̒̅͌̆͊̚͘̕͝͝͝͝.̵̧̧̧̛̛̙̯͖̭̦̣̖̗͓̹͓̪̪̪̰̻̠̳̀̌̑͐͆̀́͂͂̈̃̾͊̃̿͛̋̽̔̃̌͆̓̄̎̑̿͑̔͑͌͐̐̃̕͘͘͜͜͝͝ͅ ̴̨̢̛͔͉̻͇̣͙̣͈̰̝̮͎̪̟̤̭͓̯̾͗͌͆̈́̈́̌̉͐͆͒̄̋͛̾̈́̐͑͌́͂̿̅̒͛̍̐͜͠͠͠ͅ.̷̡̧͍͕̯͍̥̲̙͖͔̗͙͉̬̩̜͓̲̣͓͎̐̔̌̍̊͘̕͝-̶̛̫͉̹̹̭̣̭̺̜̼͓̖̟̺̳̝̯̦̣͙̈́̋͛̄̇́͛̇̍̋͊̈͗̑͋̓͆̄̄̅͑̂̔̍̉͐̿̔̈͗̋̽̅͌̓͐͊̎̇̎͘̚̕͠͝͝͠ ̴̡̗͉̗͍͙̳͉͓̞̱̤̠̪͈̫̠̘͔̝̭̺̪̤̲͉̜͖̰̬͎̤̤̣̠̝̲̮̤̝̟̯̩͚̰̦̀͌͛́͒͋̔̆̾ͅͅ-̶̛̼̳̲̫̲̫͈̯̗͕̹͙̗̰̼̭̹̝̳͇̝͊̓̒̌͊̎̐̄̃́̀͒̎̌̈́̄͗̈́́̄̎̀̊͛͑͗͋͂̀͗́̇̾́̓̔͐̆̒̐̈́̿͑̊̕̕͜͝͝͝.̶̢̛̛̛̛̩͖̤̮̜̣̫͇̺̱̹̲̠̺̻̣̤̖̘̥̀̈́̍͛̒̑͑̀͋̂̿̃͌̆͊̑̈́̈́̓̈́̆̀͛̑́͘͜͠ͅͅ ̴̜̳̖͓͔̬̋͛̏̏̄̎͆̐̌̌̒̅͑̈̆̂̿͗̅͗̌̎̑̕͜͠-̵̨̢̢̢̧̺͕̟̻͎̫̰̭̲͚͚̖̰̦͈̖͎̝̯̩̫̩̹̙̹͙͔̬͎͍̼̹͉̟̼̋̒̅͗̓̄͜͜͝͝ͅ.̷̢̢̡̨̨̢̨̛̪̰͎̙̼̦̳̳̪̪̣̻͕͇̠͙͙̦̤̪̼̠̰̱̭̝̺͉̙̲̝̺̜͓͇͓͍͓̫́́̉̇̉̀̑̽̀͆͑̓̐̽́̍̋͌̆̄͊̄̔̾͛̄̇͑̋̆̓́̅̔͂̎̕̕͘͜͜͜͝͝͝͝ͅ.̵̢͕̺̖̬͓̫̼͙̟̘̼͖͇̺͚̰̮̗̫̼͓͚̥̖̖̖̬͓̆͑́͋̐́̉́́̀̔̆͌͆͆̓̅̏̔͐ͅ ̵̨̢̦̟̱̹̟͕̦̥͖̺͔̜̞͖͕̘̜̞̤͍̠̟̳̞̝̦͈͎͔̟̭͓͉̉̀́͒̿̑̍̽̾̒̓͗͋̄͊̎̊̃́̽̓́͊̂͌̍̑̑̌̍̂̆̍̄͗̔̅͘͘͝͝ͅ.̴̢̢̧̰̱̬͎͖̗̳̲̻̘̼͇̼͚̫̲̖̝̹͖̤̻̜͈̘̹͔̲͇̤̱͇̞̺̪̝͈͉͈͇́͒͆͑̎͐̓͂̄̉̒̉͌͌͌̎͑̏̃͌͛͂͛̐̃̀̎̀́̓͊̄́̏̚̚͘̚͘͜͠͝.̷̡͔͔̦̬̜̮̮̳̣̹̌̅̾̂͗͆͋̈́̑̚.̷̡̣̭̝͛̍̽̓̈̽́́̇͐̓̍̀̚̚͠͝ ̸̨̛͔̠͍̠͔͎̱̳͕̉̈̎̇͛̄̃̒̔̊͗̈́̓̽̈̿̈̈́̏͛̑̿̆͊̏̔̾̍͊̋͗̄͋̎̑̆͗̓͛̕̚̕͘/̸̡̫̙͎̮̯̫͙̦̣̮͖̩̣̹̖̗͚̠͍̲͕̘̫̙͈͔̦̹̖̬̠͔̈̌̐̾̉͛̽̾̈̅̓͜͝ͅͅ ̸̧̡̛̼̗̤̙͎̩͎̠̞̯̳̱̦͒̀̋̓͌́͆͛́̀̎̈́̍̓̃͂̆́͊͐̄̆͑́͂̌̏̋̒̌͘͝͝͝͝ͅ.̵̨̡̡̡̛̤̫͙̠̤͉̼̘͈̩̳͍̦̳̫͔̥̰̖̗̖̯͙̘̯̞̱͕͔̳͖̟͇́̀̊͗̑̈́̈́̒͂̈̑͋̆̅̃̆̽͛̆͊̄̿̏̍͑̇̈́̐͑̌̕͝.̶̡̛͍̫̠͖̪͖̗͓̫̳͚͇̰͍̞̹̹͈͛̌̆̒̃̀̾̒̓͋̂̐͐́̽̂̒͑͒͛̂͒̇͒̈́̀̊͘̚͝͠ͅ-̷̧̡͉̠̙̪͓̲͚̱̫̪͙̞͇̱̗̾̈́̽̂͆̽͆͑̀͌̄͂̇͊͒̊̓̈́̅̅̒̃̑̄̅̋̑͂̉̕̚͜͠͝ͅ.̴̯̬̼̪͖͖̗̬̪̻̞̻̯̟͔̦͔͈͓̭̮͚͚̟͈͈̣̮̞͈̘̺̳̯̮̖̭̞̟̥͕̈̄̄̄͗̆͑͑̄͑̈̃̋̄͐̈́̿̽̓͗̌̉̈͗͆̒̓́̓̈͌̒̽̿͑͋̈́͂̉̈̕̕̚͘̚̕͜͠͝͝ͅͅ ̷̡̧̛͔̺̳͍̖͙̟̪͚̥͚̺̻̭̭̪̜̬̦͚͈͖̪͎̦̞̱̭̼̟̭͙͓̹̬̇̊̀̅̈́͛̒̐̀̏̈́̄͐̈́͋̒͑̀̿͆̅͒̚̕̕̚͜͜͜͝͝͠ͅ-̴̧̨̡̧̛̳͍̜̺̗͓̹͈̪̫̮̜̻̲̻̥̹͔̘͖͙͙̰͇͖̫̗̝̥̲͓͔͙̓̂̽͒́̿̇̿̐͂͛̋͆͛̑̑͌͜ͅͅ-̷̨̨̡̪̬̬̣̯̗̗̹̬͙̫̗̰͔̟͉͈̲̱͓̃̈́̑̄̔̇̉̇̃̾̀̓̋͛̓́̊͗̆̿̓͂̅̈̓͊̐̅̑͂͐̈̅͘͘̚͜͠͝͠ͅ-̸̘̘̠̥̟͕̖̺͋̒́̐̎̾́̋̀̈́̉̌̚̚͜͝ ̶̜̞͖̭̮̣̟͖͕̤̣̳̻͋̋̃͗̊̇̾͐̄̃̇͒͛̔̊̂̂̄̒̋͐͋͋̔͋͌̇̂̆̑͂̑͗̒̑̂̈́͌̽͘̚͜͜͠.̷̡̧̡̛͉͔̞̣̱͔̦̹͇̻̳̥͚̺͉̤̠̣̘̱̜̣̹̠̠̠̉̀̾̈́̽͌̀̄͋́́́̋͛́͗̍͛̀̈́̉̽̔̄̄̀̿͋̉̑͊͋̆̓̕͜͜͝͠-̷͉̓̚͝͝ͅ.̸̡̢̡̧̧̢̭͎͓͎̜͖̙̬̻̭͉̝̯̪̤̪͚̬͉͉̩̜̳̘̤͖͕͓͙͍̈͊͑̿̀͑̑̃̓̍̊͂͊͆͌̈̉͒̐̇̒̊̇̋̐̿̄͊̇̾̈͒̽̈̆̏̏̕̚̚̚͜͜͜͝͠ͅͅ ̷̧̡̡̛̪̰̠̩͍̰͔͎̬̫͉͖̮͉͙̳̲̥͓̱͕͍̯͈͓̬̯̘̬̞̜̼͔̘͓͖̱͓͐̔̄͒͑̽̏̿̒͆̈́͋̓͌̄̽́͆̽̊̽̂̐̈̓̂͜͝.̸̲̬͈̘̔̀̅̆͂͊̅̏̀̐̄̍́̌̒̂͠͝͝͝-̴̛̛̯̻́̿̃̓͑̎͛͛̊̐͊̍̈́̄̌̎̂̎͆̔̍͂͗̀̔̊̃̂͂̒̅̈́͊̓̃̎̚̚̚͠͝-̸̧̫̣̬̩̤̪̙̮̼͇̦̋̾̒̓̓̀͋̾̇͘͜ ̶̛̣̈́̍́̇̍͐̏͋̄̈́̄̓͒͌̑̂̈́̋̂̽͗̋̓͑̊̀͛͂͋͂̊̽͂̐̇̈́̈̕̚͝.̴͚̲̭̗̫̩̓̅̌̑́̿́̇̐̾̈́̏̔͝ͅ-̶̢̧̡̛̗̦̯̯̞̰͙̯̘̲̺̪͉͎̯̠̙̘͓̣̽͊͊̄̌͐̒͗͆̎͒̓̏͋̅̽̈́͜͝͠ ̷̨̢̨̛̛̛̗͓̹̝̜͖̤̩̭̗͎̙̩̻̻̬̗͈̣͎̰̖̼̼̲̘̳̼͎̟͉͚̟̮̜̭͎̖̟͇̝̩̲̏͋͒̒͑͑̓̄͋͐́̐̾͌̇͛̾͌́̿̉̈́̂̈̏͐͋͑͋̒̈́̇͛̍͛̅̽̕͜͜͠͠ͅ.̵̧̡̧̥̗̯̮͎̯̰̮͚͇͚͎̗͍̱͉̼̥̞̣̫̝̩̘͇̥̖̾̀̽̀̌́͘͜ͅ-̴̨̢̧̛̛̘̣͔̤͈̻͕̩̞͚̣͇̬͇̲̣͖̰̟̝̖͓̬̟̮͓̣͚̩͉͇͍͓͈̞̖̳̳͍̈̇͐́͗̉̍̆̅͌̅͒́̾̂̈́͐̽̉̈́̐̉̈́̈́̀͌̀̀́̒̾̃͘̚͘͝͝.̵̡̻̟̲̪͉̗̣͖̭̞̠̯̠̰̇̒̍̔̀̓̓̊̽͌͐͛̈́͂́̽̋̅̓̒̌͆͒̉̓͜͝͝ ̴̢̨̧̝̩̗̟̰̝̟̳̰̙͈͍̰̻̞̗̰̙̼̫̱̦̲̣̰̻͕̮̮͙͎̼̥̍̊̑͜-̷̯͈͔͔̗̬̞͎̮̥͖̩͇͍̙͉͖̞͕̳̥̜̠̺̦̳̔̽͆̽́̔̅͗̓́̾̅̒̉̐͆̂̎͊̅̎̇͘̚͠͠.̶̢̧̨̢̧̧̧̡̙̹̖̘͖̗̟̞̗̝͍̻͔͇̱͕̗̦̘̪̙͎̠̼̣̞̹̯̘̮͓̥͓͈̞̬̮͎̤͓̂͊̀̐̈́̅̏͘͜ͅ.̸̡̡̧̡̢̧̪̱͔̬̙͇̼̬͚̮̤͙̮̣̼͉̞͇̩͎̝̯̣͇̗̱̥̼̝̲͎̰̒̎̓͜ͅ ̷͔̪̜̩͓̮͊̾̄̓̐̊̓̉͗̾̂͐̃̽̀͗̎̾̀̍̑̔̋͛͌̅̌̽́́̄̈́̍͛̃̓͆̓̐͘̚̚͠͠͝͝͠͠͠͝.̷͎̞͈̜̃̈̐͒͑-̷̢̧̧̧̲̭̦͕̮͍̯̱͎͎͎̟̬̘͓̯͈͕̝̭̘͍͓̳̳̞͓͙̻̯̦͍̬͎̮̋͗̈́͊͐̉̀͒̐͐̀̈́̒́͊̿͒̀̃̔̄̉̍̈́̾͌͗̚̚͜͝͝.̸̡̡̡̧̪̪͓̺͇̦̣̰̠̞̩͎̹̠̘̠̘̰̭̺̮̗̠̠̜̦̣̼͇̰̤͖͓̊̔̅͌̐͗̎̀͂̎͝ͅ-̵̨̧̧̨̡̛̲̝̪̰̫͉͙̦̣͎̙͉̲̳̦̥͇̥͔̭͙͇̼̝̱͇̺̩̩̱̫̩̝̫̥͚̬̈͐̑̏̇͐̔̀̏̍͆͗͗̂̍̓̇͋͐̊͋͘̚͘͜͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅ.̵̛̣̱͕̪̹̻̱͓̙͓̠͙͚̳̝̓̀̒̀͗̉̀͂͋̆͂̇̍͂͆̓̂̀̐̓͛͑̂͑͋̈̆̾̂̈́͋̇̓̊̀̀̊̕̕̚̚̕͘͝͠͠͝͠-̴̨̩̗̹̦̠̻̦͈̟̖͕̟̪͎̩̬̥̖̻̞̹̟̯͙͎͕̩͓̽̈͂̐̀̊͂̔̈́͆̏̓̓̃͐̅͆̓̋̄̈́̈́̇̓͊̓̓̂̃͘͘̕͜͠ͅͅ ̶̢̢̡̭̯͈͕̫͙̖͔̣̖̯̼̼̠̥̜̥̟̜̥̭̲͔̬̮͍̯͚̗̝̠̳͍̦̺̤̗̬̾̏̍̇̈́͂̎̆̊̉͜͠͝͝͝ͅ/̵̢̺̱̮̺̜̳̟̠͈̹̪̮͍̂͛̑ͅ ̷̧̢̨̡̛̤̺͍̱̼̜͖̞̺͍̙̭̖̪͙̤̟̪͚̯̻̦͎̜̻̗͉͚͇̝̩̖̘̩͈̜̳̳̱̞͙̪̍̊̋͗̈́̈́̏̂̎̅̃̍́́́́̈́̓̓̈́̄̈́́̎̔̔͗̊̄̀̂̊̊̓͆̏̓͗̒̽́͜͜͠͠͠͠ͅ-̵̡̛̛̫̥͍̱̘͉̹̰̯̰̼͕̬̫͕̯͉̙̫̺͔̭̻̙͍̙̥̖̥͉̲͉̤͋̈́̈́̃̄́͐̍̈́͑̓̓͒̊̍̄̓͊̀̾͊̽̈̋̆̋̓͒̓̽́̎̍̕̕̕̕̚͜͝͝ͅ.̶̨̢̞̟̺͚̻̞͈̪̞̲͈̤̳̠͔͕̞̳̭̖̫̣̲̫̺̬͖̀̒͒̐.̷̛̳͎̮̫̥̙̟̠̫̝̥̳͍̮͖̖̭̩͇̠̔̑͗̏̂͊̍̅̈̏̏̀̐̍̐͗̃̇̇̉̀̀̐̆͝ ̷̡̬͇̥̮̠̩̹̜̰̱͚̜͔͆͂͊̔͑͊͌̓̆͐͒̋̆̔̒̈́͐̈́̀̂͗͒͋̆̓̒̄̆̈̽̈́͐̌́̍̉͊̈́̑̀͐̀̊͘̕͝͠͠ͅ-̴̨̡̢̛͖͍͔̠͓̟̙̠̖͚͚̙̠̓̑̓͆̽́͑̄̋̐́͑̈̋̋͋̿̊̐͗̈́͊̋͌̓̃͂̿͒̉̀̋̈͐̽̈́͊̓̈́̈̋̾̇̈́̕͜͠͝-̵̨̡̨̡̞͕͓̞̹̝͔͎̝̝͚͖̭͈͇͙̮̤͇̫͉̩͚̖̘͎͔̩̇͌̀̂̾͗̾̆̍̑̄͐̈́̏̈̔͘̕͘͜͝͠͝ͅ-̴̧̨͔̰͙̤̘̯͍̟͎̖͕̫̮̲͖̺͓̅̒́̿̈̚̕͠ ̷̛̛̦̿͛͑͒̒̓͋̽̍̄͂̀̌̿̅͋͐̌͐̀̃̃̔͊̑̿͌̔̊̓͛̀̍͌̍͝͝/̸̬̱̲̝̠̀̒͒̂̿̐̒̉́̈́͌̊͜ ̶̧̧̡͎͖̮̱̥̜̦͕̟̠̦̠͖̦̙̹͙͎́̌̆̔̋́̏͆̈́̃͊̆͊̈̔̃͐̍̐̄̔̏́̂͘͝-̵̨̢̧̛̪͕͎͉̺̭͔͉͚͙̞̹͓̥͚̗̺̳͙̤̝̗͈̰̫̺̙̦̭͖̰̼̞͉̭͂́͗̓̎͌͂̈̍̍̂͒̈́̋̇͑̈̆̐́̊̒̔͊͆͒̏̅͐͒͐͆͌̈́̋̿͐͐͐̚̚͘͜͝͝.̵̨̢̡̛̛̛̬̣̭̬̠̰̹̯͕̭͚̗͔̯̰̻̱͙̳̓͒̂̃͊̾̎̓͊́̀̈́̋̀̀̽̿̑͑̽̆̈́̈́́͊̃͗̅͂̿̇͛̏́̊́̎̆̕͝ ̶̢͓̤̱̰̪̻͎̠͉͕̤͓̘͉̖̹̼͓̹̠̺͒͆̍̌͜͜-̵̳̤͒̇͂̐̀̔̍́͊̃͐̔̊̑̈̈́̓͛͊͋̅͂̀̀̽̈͆̐̇̀͌̅̈́͛͌͆̓̈́́̕͘͝͝͝͝-̷̡̢̢̛̛̞̺̖̘̰̟̘̞̦̱͉̝̪̗͔̱̳̬̣̣̭̙̬̰̭͖͉̼̝̩̝̦̘̱̜̳̞͒̇̆̓͌̂͛͋̑̆͌́̾̈́̄͊̊̇̕͘̕ͅ-̸̨̨͚̳̳͕̤̙̮̬͓̰͔̻̫̩̤̺̍͠ ̸̨̧̢͈͔͍̼̜̺͍̤͇̺͖͚͓̫͚̤̩̝̩͂̓̿̇̈̇́̈̽̿̈̈́́̀̀̽̐͂͛̈̀̈́̕͝͝ͅ-̴̧̨̼͚̰̲͕̝̥̩͙͈͍͖̫̦̼̙͉̜͚̜̥̥̭̪̥͖̬̹̻͙̞̩͖̬̦͙̲̣̬̇͛͂̈́̍̔͆͗͋̀̀̌̉͊̾͗̀̏̋̽͆̀̉̀̉̐̊̈́͐̊̾̔͛͊̒̏̾̇͘̚̚͘͠͝͠͠͝ͅ ̵̡̡̪͕̥̾̀́̎̽̀̋̆̅̿̈̇̒̈́̃͋͛̈́̍̈̂̇̕̚̕͝/̶̡̛̻̟̲̪͉̞̭͖̥͕͙̦̪̄͋̐̃̈́̉̈̅̓̑̈́̒̽̎̽͌̅̈́̂̋͑͘ͅ ̶̧̧̡̧̢̨̖̪͓̤̬̟̭̤͈̖̭̻̭̱̗̝̫̘̰̬̙̮͍̝̳̞̼̥̲̱͍̳̺͙̹̣̾̌̏͊̀̐̀̂̽͌́͒̀͋̒̆͘̚͜͠͝.̷̡̢̧̡̛̜͓̜̩̝̗̬̮͉̦̫̯̮͍͚̙̪̫̰̭͚̞͔̦̮̝̬̼̲̖̼̰̠̝͕̫̥̠̱͔̔͋̽͌̔̔͌̐̾̌̀̾̋͒̾͆̄̀͋̓̈̉̓̌͆̀̇̇̈́͒͑͒̑͊̔͑̔́̈́͗̉͗̚͘͘̕̕͜͜͝ͅ.̸̧̡̡̨̢̨̧̧̛͈͓̩̣͚̘̫̥͙̹̙͙̤̪̗͖̙̪͔̣̩̗͖̜̟̩̖̥͖͇̭̟̗̤̙͈͍̫̰̾̒̿̎͂̿̎́̓͆̇̓͑̓̔̋̈́̇̓̇̌͊̄̿̓̋͗͊̚͘̕̚͘͘͜͜͜͝͝͠͠͝͝.̵̢̨̢̯͎̞̱̣̗̙̮̲̯͚̹͎̰̯͈̯̬̹̟͓̰̝̩̘͔̟̥̱̫̹͖͎͈͔̀̀̎͌͆̈͆̄̀͌̆̊̉̆̀̍̔̀͗̈́̅̓̇̓̅̐̎̕̚͘̚͜͜͜͝ͅ ̶͈͔̗͖͎̖̖̯̪̩̝͓̺͍̳̺͎̟͈̗͈͇̯̳̟̜̱̙̬̦͎̥͋̈͐̾͋͋̀̍̌̇̏͋̇̿̔͋̽̆͑̊́̓͌̇̊͋̎̌̈́̄̓̕̚͘̕͝͝͝͝ͅ.̵̡̨̛̪̣͖̖̦̣͙͈̬͎̞͓̜̠̦̹̬̘̱̬̩̮͖̜̬͕͖͔̹̠̟̜̺͓̼̎̂̓͛̊̂́̎̎̍̍̃̃͛̽̊͐́̀̓̕͜͜͝͠ͅ-̸̡̨̡̛̲̙͚̮͚̱̺̖̯͕̠̻̙̤̮͖̥̬̖͔͕̪̙̥͉̤̬̬̻̫̥͕͗̾͂̎̓̉̿̊̈́̀̏͗͌̅́͋̿̍̐̆̂̐̏̂͗̊̐̄̀̔̏̀̓̊̾͋̚͘̕͘͠͠.̴̢̹̤̰̮͓͈̗̝̟̠͓̥̱̫̳͉͆̆̈̇̓́̈́̓͐̕̚.̶̢̢̡̨̨͙͎͇͙̦̱̩̼̣̦̪̣͎̫̠͖͚̫̟̙̼̪̻̣̬̘̮͓̬̱͓̋ ̶̛͙͓̐̀́̄̋̓̽̔̅̂̀̂̏̑̋̀̐͌̋̈́͒͛͑̽̍̒͆̅͛̄̀͋̔̉̋̔͘̚͝͝͝͠͝.̵̞̟̹̭̑́̐̀̈́̄͋̀̿̂̌̀̇̾̄͋̂̄͂̏́͠͠͠͝͝ ̸̢̯̼̙͕̟̘̟͔͇̜̻̊̓ͅ.̷̢̧̡̧͚͇͍͚̲̘̣͍̹̗̣̗̞̩͇͈̱͔͗̿̽̊͊̇̓̉̂͗̆̈͂́̎͌͗̊̇͒͐̿̽̀̃̊̄͘̚̕̚͝ͅ ̷̼̟̪̹̝͓͓̪̠̪̾̄̇̔̑̚ͅ.̸̛͙̻̖̬̫̭͔͐̓̓̈́́̾͛̆̆̓͝-̵̧̨̨̨̞͈͙̟̻̟̦̱̯̰͎̤̤̭̮̙̖̤͚̠̱̺̠̺͍͈̘̗̈̀̅̈́̾́̅̈́̈́̊͂̾̍̆̆̅̀̔̒-̴̢̡̢̼̘͈̮̪͙̤̙̫̟̳̖̖̜̜͓͇̥̜͍͖̙̖̩̦̰̯̘̥̱̦̟͙̞͆̀̈͐͆̈́̎̓̎̋͊ͅ.̸̢̳̬̙̪̠̰͖̠̞̼͚͙̖̦̗̪̯͉̫̬̫̭̗̠̥͚͈͎̮̫͎̦̤͕͉̘͎̓̈̑̂̓̏͊͒̈́̉̃̊̈́͊̐̕̚͜͝ͅͅͅ ̸̛̞̭̮̟͗̅̔̅̄̈́̽̂͆̇̓͆̎́̓̃̏̆͂̾͘͘.̸̧̧̨̡̢̼̱͎̹͎̦̻͇͎̲͙̲̼͙͔͇̂͒̈́̆͆̉̚͠-̶̨̧̧̖̩̖̫͕̟̰̥̹̝̮̺̻̻̖̗͓̬̮̫̠̣̖̖̦̳̪͍̩̞͔̟̭̽̈́̈̑̾̇͗̽̏̄̿̐̀̐̈̇̾̕͘ͅͅ.̷̡̢̡̡̡̡̧̡̬̩̘̜̝̳͈͖͈̥͍̥̙̹̲̲̣̪̣͇̦͙̗͇̱̠͗̄̒̈̍́̽͆͂̓͘͠ͅ-̴̧̧̨̢̛̬͈̜͎̖͉͉͓͉̳̫̳̣̲̲̬̫̼̦͕̘̗̫̺̱̻͓͈̣̯̪͚͍͕̬̻̞̼̫͖͕̅͛̈́̒̄̔̀͂̈́͑̌̓̈̃́̌̐̌̐̅̔͗̆̓̂͋̊͊͐̌̿̓͘̚͜͜͝͝ͅͅ.̸̧̢̻̫̹̥̝̤̝̜͎̺̑̓̆͑͊̀̓ͅͅ-̵̡̧̧̡̭͕̝̠͔̬͇̣̹̱̤̼̩̠̠͖͚̫̗̹̠͖͆̍̀͒͛͊̑̑͝͠ ̸̨̹̟̘̪͎̖̞͙̀̓̊͐͑̓̾̈̕͝/̸̡̢̢̠̗͚̞͙̪̳̠̩̪̦̳͈̜͍͍̫̲̳͈̪̬͔̟̙͙͍̯͖̮̩̑̒̎̾̆͜ ̶̢͉̟͙͉͚͕̞̞̝͋̉̾̈́̄̏.̶̡̧̢̛̛̠̩͙͉̼͖̱͉̱̘̲̰̝̩̳̣̔̇̆̋͑̇̃̔͗̆̈̽́̉͒͆͗͆́̊̚̚̕͘͝ͅ.̸̨̲̱͈̗̻̪͓̮̩̠̝̬̦̰̬̣͓͉̗̞̪̠̲̹̱̼͍̯͍̞̘̬͔̹̬̙̭̓̀̃͘ͅͅ-̴̢̨̢̡̡͙̜͚̘͚̙͉͚̱̹̩̙̗̩̹̻̣̖͔̮͇̫̱̘̹̫̳̹͍̘̜̥̫͙͈̬̫̀̉̈́͑͊̊̍̽̌͗̋̿͜͝͠ ̶̛͓̰́̀̇̀͂͒̽͆̓̆̉̄͐͐͆́̏̄̉̒̒̏̀̀̕͘͝͝͝ͅ-̷̡̛̥̋̃̈́͝.̶̡̔̒͆͛̄̈̀͂͒̅̃̔̓͐̈́͌̈́͠͝ ̷̧͎̮̘̲̥͔̲̯͙̪̑̋͋͠ͅ.̶̹̪͙͔̪̤̪͉͇̮̂͂̋̋̀̌̋̓͆̌̀͗̓͒̂̆̅͛͑̈́̊͐͑͂͒̕͘̚͝͝͝͝͝.̸̡̨͙͎̰͓̰͔͉̝͈̩̫̩̺̳̗̜̘͇̩̩̎ͅ ̸̨̡̢̧̨̡̼͇͕̥̖͎̼̝͙̬͎̣͇͇͉͍̘͔̦̘̬͚̮̲̬̣̻̳̦͕͖̠͇͙̜͙̫̝̍͜͜-̴̧̘̩̩͎̹̥̰̖̺͈̦̝͈̠͎̣̥̗̜͓̭̱͕̘͚̦͇̈̂̍͌̿̎ ̴̠̬̥̝͔͕̺͖͕̮̜̹̂̾̀̈̅̐͆̍͌̎̀̽̈̂̌̇̈́͐̓̔͐͒̐̏͊͋͛̍͘͝͠.̵̧̛̜͕̮̰̰̠̦̠̜̭̹͙̃̃̇̎̈́̽̆͊̇̽̽̀̋́̊̄̄͛̋͐̽̋̅͗́͗́̑͋̿̚͘̚͘̚͝͠ ̶̨̢̨̱̮͉͎͎̭͓̖̟̜͖̜̗̭͙͉̮͎͈̗͕̜͕̰̭͉̼̞̻̹͙̘̭̟̠̗̯̯̼̬͕̪̥̬͗̃̍̈̾͑̑̈͐̏̊͊̕͜͜͜/̷̧̡͖̼̫̝͓̥͗͐̋͐̈͗͐͊͂̀́͆̓̔̔̃̉͗̔̾͘͝ͅ ̸̩͙̜̙̜̠̮̞̲̹̺͚̟̯̥̅̊́̑̒̎̔̑̐̂̓̾͑͂̃͊̿͑̍́̚̚͝.̴̨̧̧̛̹̼̭̻͍͕̝̟̦̪͔͓͊̏̏̋̊̿̈́̒̽͒́̾̀̽͂̉̈̓̈́̃̈́̄̍̒͆̐́̈́̀͗̅̃̀̓̚̚͝͝-̴̛̝̻̥̣͔͖͖͖̬̰̘̭̿̓̋̆͆̿̿͋̇̆̓̍́͒̓̀̀͊̚̚͝͝͝͝-̷̨̧̧̡͓͈̹̩̻͉̘͎̘̰̭̥̣͙͕̹̠̪̠̖͎͖̣̼͎̩̖͚̖̖̠͔̖̼̞̮̱̹̙̮͒͜ͅ ̶̨̛̛̟͐̆͊̃̓̿̊̽͆̏̈́͗̐͊͆̇̒̅̆̏̑͗͋̑̾̔̌͂̔̓̍̌̎̽̈̊̃̓̄͌̆̏̈́̓͘͘͝͝.̵̧̛̛͉̞̻͕̯̯͕͉͇̣̩̞̝̦̠̙̺̻̈̏̂͆͐̏̾̑̄̈́̆̈́̽̑̐̈́̍͛̄̎̈́̀̎͐͛́͊͋̿̀̒̋̒͒̆̓͛̆̑̓̉͂͒̚̕͜͝͝͝ͅ.̴̡͔̹̱̖͖̱̗̪̘͙̼͚̥͓̳͎͔͕̞̦̤͍̓̂̐͗͗̓̾̎̀̾̉̆͊̾̈͆͋̈̉̉͐̓͆̍̾̋̐̃̓̀͗͂̇̒͘͘̕̚̚̚͝͝͝͝ ̴̛̥͇͈̗̮͉̘̖̖̻̱̻͈̽́̀̊̓̀̿̅̈͒͜͜͝͠-̴̡̨̡̼͈̤͕̺͙̟̰̪̹͛͑̌̾̑͛̿̌̒̀̿̿͗͑̊̄̍̇̓͐̈́͗̃̓̀́̇͛͛͝͝͝ͅ ̷̨͚̤͕͖͇̜̣̜̲̪̃̎͒̓̂͂̈́̏.̸̨̢͎͇̟̝̟̖͙̩͍̣̗̱̤̯̯̺̐.̴̧̡̛̪̝̥̦̳͙̱͉̳̪͍̻̟̻̺̹̪̖̫͚̙͇̫͕̯̯̱͚̭̤̼̥̟̼͔͍͚͙̭̦̱͎͉̏̅̂̉́́̈́̂̊̌̅̏̎͐̐̍͊́̕͜͜͜͝͝.̶̧̨̛̭͎͈̥̲̻̟͔̥̠̣̤͍̻͓͓͉͐̉́͛͌̆̑͋̾͐̀͒̈́̈̆̆́͑͒̒̅͒̿̄̇̄̚̕͘͠͠ͅ.̸̟͖̺̞͚͂́̃̿̆̒̊̆͋̂͗̽̽̀͝͝͝ ̵̨̡̧̩͓͔̞̗̭̖̥̺̰̹͔͈̝̭͇̖͍͔̭̩͖͉͔̗̥̺̰͎̯̭͚̮̤̗̗͓͕͍̺̲̒͂͂͐̐̏̒̈́͛̑̀̑̒̇̈́͊̿̃̑̾̓̒̒͛̇̿̆́̔͗̾̎̀͆͛̇̈͝/̸̛̘̯͙̼̱̗̤͇̳̮͔̳̝̭̭̯̱̘̤̮̯̙̇͑͐̅͂̈́̑̄̎̃͐̇̍͐͋̎͆͛̿̇̈́͒̎̄͒̒̈́͑̑̓̈́̋̀̑̊̃̐͒̇̚̕̕̚͝͠͠͝ͅ ̶̧̡̢͕̪̗̞̘͍̳̻͈̲̰̘̘̥̝̦̜̞͉̺̘̩̹̗̞̙̦̞̲͖͆̈́̉̿̀̓̒̋͗́͘͜͜͝͠͝͝ͅ.̶̢̡̧̨̧̯̺̼̮̥̠͙̮̦̣̟̙̱̘͈̰͎͉̟̰̝̲̟̖̬̞̲̖̮̳̻̹͕̩̤̞͕͚́̈̑͂̊͂̀͑͐̈̕͜ͅ.̴̢̧̜̦̻͓͓̭̝̰͓̟̹̬̟̭̥̹̩̼̦̞̌̿̿̑̂̚ ̷̢̨͈̳͕͚̪̯͓͔͈̬̞̳̲̠̳̫̠̣͍̺͕̪̺̖̩̦̙̊̅͌̾̌͆͜ͅ-̵̨͓̏̂̔̽͊̃̃́̚͘.̵͎̗̫̣͇̹̲͔̙́̾͘ ̷̧̈̒͂͋͊̊̊͐̇̊̃̈́̊̎̄̈́̓̎͌̾̈͊̓̆̿͆̈́̐̈́̿̆̈́̈̕͝͠.̷̨̢̡̛̺̳̝̭͉̙̞̺̬̫̲̞̟̖̳͓͉̟͈̝͙̠̩͖̙̜̭̻̲͖̻̬̫̎͂̐.̷̨̧̣̰̣̹̦̱͓̲̯͉̗̣̂̐̍͂̏̈́̿̇̆̈́̈̓̀͗̋̀́̌͊͂͒͋̈́̔͐̒͊̉̔̊́̓̕̚͠-̸̡̗̹̥̺̲͎̻̏̏͊.̸̛̛̝̆̑̑̽̐͆̃̓̊̆̒̈́̍͛̀͊̌̏̇͊̈́̍͆͗̄͑͗̑̆̔͆͆̉̈́̃͊̋͊̑͐̊̈͑͝͝͝ ̴̧͙͎̋̂̄̐͋͊̇̉͘.̸̧̧̢̛̛͙̯̱̤̙̹͎͖͉̻̦̬͔̞͙̣̳̠͙̥̳̱͖̩͓̺̲̳̘̭̩̠̻͚̩̭͈̜̰͚͇̭̹̲̖̽̑͒̔̇̀̈́͗̽̓̃̃͐̿͑͊́̅͊͛̈́̅͌̕̚͝͝ͅ.̵̛͔̯͇̰̱̿̆̆̿͛́̿̃͝ ̸̢̛̤̣̬̗̤̳̻̬̫̫͈͓͕̺̯̬̫̱̦͇͔̠̙̣̥͚͚̹̦̘̘̙͍̗̹̣̹́̾̿̊̇̈́̇̊̿̀̋͜͜͝͝͝͝-̷̨̨̡͉̝̖̤̟̯̟͔̲̥͕͖̺̞̞͖̥͙̰͖̼͚̲̮̠̻͎̦̠͙̯̖̯͈͕̖̺̬̈̍͗̒̎͒͗̌͗̋͌͊̾̈̄̅͋̈́̽̑̇́̇̎͘͘͘̚͜͝͝͝͝.̸̡̧̙͙̙̭̙͈̭̤̲͙͇̫̱͈̜͕̳͚̙̫̥̝̬̯̥͒̐̈́̄͛̃͑̀̏̂̃̿̾͂̑̓̈͗̇̈̚̚͜͜͠ ̵͈̠̫̬̗̥̟̞̐̓͒̅̿̈́̎̄̄͆͋̓̊͐͒͋̿͋͛͋̉̒̓͐͒̓͝͝͝ͅ.̸̢̢̛̺̘̖͉̯̟̋̐̇̆́͒̔̽̾̾̐̈́́̈́́͑͆͋̀͆̀̓̄̎̈́̇̄̓̋̈̋͋̓̎̆͘͘͘͘͝͝ͅ.̷̡̺͕̺̦͙̬̹͉͍̭̗͍̥̻͓̾́͐̆͑͛̔̽̅̐͋̓ͅ ̷̧̧̡̨̨̨̢̡̢̭͖̤͕̺̘͖̯̳̠̱̯̫͎̭͎͉̙͚̟͙̜̤͍̯̖͔͙̻̻̟̱̝̤͇̪͇̖̮̩̮̉̀̀̽̀̎̅̔̋̚͘͠-̸̖͚̃͊͆̆͐̉͐̂́̎̍͛̈́͋͌̾͆́̈́̈́́̕ ̶̨̢̦͕̯̪̜̜̭̦̫̪̳͍̯̜̪͔̞̙̳̗̜͎̲͙̭̺̬̳͎̤̘͓̊̿̂̊͘͜͠ͅ.̷͓̙̮̰̹̯̹͍̻͖͗ ̸̧̢̡̡̢̨̛̛̛͚̳̩̭̟̠͖͙̮̬̜͉̟͍̣̰͎͖̫̘̻̣̙̫̬͉̻̰͎̳̮̗͓̱̅̑͒̍̈́̀̽̽͐̀̏́̍͒̍̈́̌̀̐̾̈͗̽̆͐͊̐͆̈͆͒͛͐̆̓̅̀͒͂̀̒̆̚͝͝/̸̢̨̡̯̲͚͓̖̥͓̠̪̳͉͕͉̲͔͉̤̭̖͇̱̘̟̫̺̯̞̯̘̦̲̗͚̾͋̂͋͆̂̅̔̍̏̋̔̽̚͜͜͝ͅͅ ̶̢̨̡̡̲͎̻̬͙͇̯͖̭̪͓̬̩͓̊̂̔̑͗̓͋̀͐͠-̷̢̡̢̢̨̳̖̼̤̥̪̟͎̦̳̙̲̖̤͔̜̭͔̙̥̤̩̙̭͎̩͍̙̟̯͇̈́̈̈́͗̂̌̌̂̅͛͑̋́̓̈́̔́̈́̅͝͠ͅͅ.̵̢̧̛̫̘̯̗̘͕͓̥̞͍̫͈̱̮͔̰̤͔̼͓̼͖͍̩̳̞͙̞̳͍̬̈́̋̈́̇̐͂̒̏̒͒̑̿̈̃̂͛̓͗̚͜.̶̡̧̨̛͔̝͖͇̰̹̹̾̉̈́̄̃̏̎̐̉́̈̿̀̿̀̄̂̇̾̽̚͝͝ͅ ̶̢̡̡̧̨̛͖̪̰͔͍̯̯͓̖̰͎̩̠͕̩̥͕̹̖̭̲̗̦̹̖͕͎̞̗̠̥̺̭̺͚̗͖̲̥̹̭̪̪̀̉̆̈́͂̾̈́̔̔͑̌̆̔̓̕͜.̵̢̡̢̣͙̮̞̰͔̝̗̼͉̭̱̗̦̩̦͍͍̺͙̞͓̙͙̩͗́̆͌̚͜͜͜͜ͅ ̵̢̢̛̛̱̰̞̰͔̦̗̖͇̝̱̻̍͑̾͐̽́̓̀̉̏̑̔͋̾̏̌̅̍̏̿͒̄̋̽̽̉̓͒́͘͘̚͘͠͝.̴̡̢̢̧̳̬̖͍̦͓̰̼̪̠̯͕̖̺̖̻̗̿̽́̊̽̅̆̉̓̓̄̑̂͌̊̍͐́̿̾̒͒͐̀̿̃͗̂̌͗̎̌̽̋̇̃̕͝.̵̨͍̬̦͚͍̹̪̹͙̼̯͙̟̞̜̬̟̻͙̪̣̬̜͉̫̯͚̮͚̹̖̻̭̪͓̈̊̏͌̽́̿͛͗̽̇̉̋̒̆̿͆̓̂̈́̈́͐̽̎͘̕͜ͅͅ.̶̢̛͔͙͖̘̖̥̣̦͉̯̗̦̗͖̪̞̱̱̱̙̥͉͕̖͌̈̌̆̓̐̽̈́̎̒͜͜͝ ̷̙̺̜̻̫̠̪̮͉̪͇̬̗̼͎͍̘̻͇͈̝̈́̔̓͑̎̈͝ͅ-̵̡̨̢̳̣͍͙̺͍̝͖̦͓͉̹̦̪͉̤͎̯̻͉̥͇̼͉̞͇͇̩̖̼̗̲̥͖̞̳̝̟̻͗͆́̂̾͛̈̏͌̍̓̅̋̆̽̃̒͌́́͜͝͠ ̴̡̬̹̹̻̘̯͖̣̀̌̑̊͘.̷̧̯̰̻̳̹̙̹̘͔͈͙̼̖͉͉̈́͐̈́̈́͂͊̐͂̀͘͜͝-̸̧̡̳̲̺͈̲̜̼̱̘̬̗̗͉̻̫̦̎͂͂̎̈́́̑̐.̴̨̡̡̧̧̧̯͇̲̘̯̤̝̩̲̩̖͍͍̦͚̯͕̣̩̖̪̟̖̭̬̪̟̤̦͈̙͍͓̜͈͙͈̻͚͖͂͐̿͛͐̀̀̿̎͌̔͂̓̈̒̾͗͊̋̓̎̋̆̽͐̌̇̀̏̀̓̒͋́̇̉̆̎̍͑̒͊̕̚̕͘͜ ̸̡̝̟̹̯̟͕͍̟̮̝̼̙̞̗̐͛̓̆̆̎̓̅̒͐̌̋̅͊̀̋͛̓̊̍̌̾͂̕͜͝͝.̸̢̧̢̛̛̛͚̺͔̯̱̱̭̟̳̰̳̙͎̤͈͈̤̬̗͓͈̈́̆́̾̃̊̎̎̎́͌̏̾͆̈͆̈́̃͐̈́̄̒̑͑̌̾̀̍̔̃̀͛̆̎́̌͂̽̊̾͌͆̕̕̚.̶̧̡̢̦̜̗̣͈̩̝̗͍̟̪̲̮͙͔̺͚͚͚͖̲̮̑͛́̈́͊̆̑̈́́̀͋͂͒́̈͒͂̿͂̓̅̉̆̑́͛̄́̽͑͂̽̌̆̀̔̌͌͑̇͘͜͜͜͝͠͠͝͠ͅ-̷̛̳̠̘̭̦̺̱̗͙̠̻͕̑̾̃͝ ̸̡̢̨̡̢̨̦̻͓̞͓̩͔̜̮͉̻̜͉̼̻̭̤̦͚̯͈͕̹̠̬̫̞͓͎̭̯̝̙̘̱͓͓̭̼͇̙̏̂́̽̀̀̂͒͊̀̾͆̓̿̍̈́̍͜-̵̡̢̡̧̡̨̛̛̹̜̗̩̹͕̯̪̤̥͍͈̥̲͈̖̭̩̬͈̺̭͖̰̲̘͚͖̱͚͉͎̺̦̪̦̖͍̗̳̱̭̥̊͗́͆͂̉̃̓͂͆͘͘͠ͅ.̷͈̭̲̜̜̻̈͌́̑̃̈́̒̂̊̒̽̅́̂̑̈̿͋̄̅̓̇͛̈̈́̔̊̐̾̿̎̽̅͗̃̂͂̉̍͋̓͋͂̅̒͘͠͠͝͠ͅ-̵̧͓̳̮̗̭̥̞́̐̽̍̓̈́͒̿̂̒̓͒̓̀̊͗̒́̐̏̄͑̔̂́̀̏̽̓.̶̢̡̺̝̳̳̝̙̭̥͓̺̙͚͕̬̗͎̪̗̽̓͛̈́̄͊͋̓͒͋̿̃̆̋̈͑̇̚ ̴̼͇̠̦̟͑̔̽̾̌̍͗̇̀̔́͒̈́̓͋̽̿̊́̓̐̄͒̏̇̐̀̄̿̇̀̐̒͒͘͝͝͝͝-̴̢̨̡̛̛̪̠̯̲͔͈̬͇͓̥̰̺̬̝͍͈͔̫̻̙͙̜̜̽͑̀̔̾̇̅̍̀́͑́̓̍̄̈̏͒́̾̋͒̋͂̈̀̍̅̈́̈́̓̎̋̀̾͊͘͜͝͝͝ͅ ̷̧̧̡̡̢̧̧̧̢̩̲͚͕̺̰͓͕̩͈̪̱͍̻͚̹̥̳̗̭̪̻͇̟͍̭̟̫̪̮̻̲̫̯̱͓͔͇̐ͅ.̷̡̨̧̢̨̻̜̩͓̮̼̣̞̗̼̦̱̩̬̰̗̭̝͚̩͎͙̻̫̠̪̤̖͔̹̟̫͈̰̲̘̣̫̩̲̖͐͊̈̾͜͝ͅͅ.̷̢̛͉̖̖̭͈̩͚̺̪͆̋̑̓̔̃͌̌́̈͛̎̀̆̏͛̾̏͒̂̈́̽̏͂́̎͑̆̿̂̅̓͋͠͠ ̷̧͎̈̔͆̋̀̈́͂̈́͆͘̕̕͝-̷̧̧̨̛̥͎̩̗̦̗̱̖̞̣͖̞̱̼̘̺͍͙̗̺̱̯̜̬̥̲͕̪̱͕͙̖̠͒͑̉̈́̏́͆̎͂́͊̋͋̊̐̾̋̒̄͌͂͆̈́̂̈̋̚̕̕͜͜͠͝-̶̡̛̪̼̮̘̱͈̜̫͉̖͓̘͉̪̈́͛̌̈̽̇̏̾͆̇͒͑̉̑́̋̿̕̚͜͝-̸̧̬͙̮͇͔͖̝̩̼̤̦͇̺̝̩̥͓̭͖̼͊̏͜͝ͅͅ ̴̨̧̧̧̧̬̬̩̠̥̩̺͉͈̩̥̱̺̟̯̤̠͓͙̯̩̗̫͑̉̓͑̉͂͂̈́̇́̚-̵̛̝̝̗̘̖̠̖̯̟͇͓̳̍̔̍̑͋̔̅͂͆̀̓̓̋̍̒̃̅͂͋̒́͂̉̾̎̑̊̆́̏̍̽̄͜͜͝͝͠͝ͅ.̵̡̢̣̙̯̺̩͇̯̦̹̮͕̼̱͕̜̣̜͇̥͈͉̩͎̱̫̔́̐͐̓́͝ͅͅͅ ̴̨̡̛̳̻͈̭͕̒̎̌͑̀̊́̋̆̎͂̂͂͊̈̃̊̀̈͊̏̋̓̏̀̂̄͆̓̆͛̈̚͝͝.̷̡̛͚̦̭͚̊͛͆͊͋́͊̓̿̈́̾͒́͒̔͊̉̐̓͛̎̿͗̊̈̓̀̈́͛̾͆̈̉̾́͛͝͠͝ͅ-̸̡̧̯̳͎͙̮̹̳̼̮͙̲̤̙̬͔̱̞͖̈́̕͜ͅͅ.̴̼̩͉̯̮̹͎̥͚̮̘̰̲͇͙͔͎͕̔͊͋̕-̵̢̮̤̪̲̠̰̰̻̟̺̗͇̟͉̥̓̂̀̉̿̑͝.̷̢̢̟̤̜̭̬̖̤̠͕̥̹͙̲͇̗̖̬̥̱̪̼̦͔̝̆̂͆͐̿̾́́́͘̕̕͜-̵̨̧̛̯͎̟͙̳͈̭̰͈̮̝̘͓̗̭̙̣͕͍̟͉͓̹̰̖̤̳̭͔̻͈̥͎͖͌̐͗̏̈́̎͒̽̓͌͗͒́̐͋̐͑̎̈́̐͊̇̌̋̓͆̃̅͒̉̈́̆̈́̅͆̀͑͂͒͌̚̕͠͠ͅ ̵̨̛̱͇̺̭̻̒͂̍͛̈̋͋̊́̇͑̓̅̏̀͗̓͝͝͠/̴̞̗̞̳̓̆̅͆̄͐̐͒́̔́̋̎̉͆̋̓̐̅͊̄̏̚̕̕̚ ̸̧̨̧̧̛̲̩͔͎͕̤͈͕͈̼̻̰̥͈͇̱͚̬̹̰͎̩̭͔͇̝̹̞̯̫̭͔͈͎̣̝̰̭̬̘̗̱̟͔̌̅̑̐͋̓̐̿̃͌͆̅̓́́̄̅͐̀͊̿̊̌̌̿̅̂̽́̄̎̔͘̚͘͜͝͝͝͝-̸̨̡̧̨̛̭̳̜̗̦̝͔̭̻͚̦̘͇̲͙͚̺̺̬̪̯̮̼͉̥̙̹͉̙̳̣͉̗̮͙̥̬̮̗̙̝͓̺͍͍͍͋̈́̏͗̓̀̈́̈́̀̆͛̉̿́̓̒̈́͋̍͌̎̍͑̓͂̃͌̇̐̈́͊͛̈́̀̄͆̕̕͘͘̕͠.̸̡̢̛̛͇͚̰̰͕͇͎̯͇̥͕̠͎̬̘͈͈̙͙͓̲͎̲̠̜͎̌̌̈́́̾̀̈́̊͜͝ͅ.̸̧̢̝̩͚͕̻̱͔͉̻̟͍̥̳̘̳͎̲̠̺̻̗̮̮͍̮͚̞͖͔̬̺̫̗̱̦̭̠̼̦̣̉̉̍̑̄̅̌́̈́́̍͑̍̽̂̃̽́̿̾͗̈̈̆̚͘͘͜͝͝.̵̡̢̡̛̛̛̫̥̻̝̤͖̞̘̺̱̗̰̜͈̘̝͓̻͎̹̝̱͕͓͇̱̖͇̭̹͕̝̭̜̤͍͎̺̫̇̓̓̎̈́̓̂̉͛̔̓̒̊͒̂̈̈́͂̒̕̚͝ ̸̧̛̛̳͙̺͍̃́́̂́́̄̽̏̄̅̽́̾̈̈́̔̓͂͑̌̽͛̓̐̓͗̈́̄̍͗̇͌̂̆̀̚̚̕̚͘̚͝͝͝͝͠ͅ.̷̢̢̢̧̢̧̨̧̤̦̘͇͉͎̪̰̖̟̫̪̖͈̩̫͈͇͎̗̳̭͈̥̰̦̯͕̣̣͇̞̜̗͙̭̪̭̃̓͊̇̊̏̔̆̆͐̈͜͝ͅͅͅ ̴̢̨͉̻̺̖͍̟̤͍͉̠̣͍͎̝̩̣͎̺͍͚͍̣͙̍̓̐̈́͂͊͌̓̇͒̍̒́́͗̿̎̃̾̈́͛̒͋͆͛̍̋͋̓͋̐͑̀̽̀̔̒̑̊̔̚̚͘̚͘̚͠ͅ.̴̡̧̟̺͈̤̰̟̩̝͔̦͇̬̫̦̣̩͚̼̣̥͚̰̲͙͚̪̭͙̤̳̻̝̫̿̈́̀̃̉̏͊͑͒̽̌̇̉͋̒̃̈́̏̊̏͌͆̂͂̌̽̊̕͘̚̚̚̕̚̚͜͜͝ͅͅ-̵̡̧͕̫̠̳̹͕̫̯̪̳̪̭̫̙̠̮̗̺̳̺̰̅̌́̽̋̒́̉͊̓̋̎̑͑̍̉͊̊̈́͛̀̑̈͑͋̒̔̀̔̾͋̀̕͝ͅͅ-̵̢̢̡̨̧̡̡̛̯̭̮͔̗̬͎͔̠̮̜͙̦͔̘͖͎͈̬͖̣̦̱͖̘̫̠͈̜͕̼͎̠͖͔̀̀͋͗͐̃̓͗̓̎̽͗͋̀̽́̽̇̈́̽͛̚ͅ ̷̢̢̨̪͇͚̭͕̬̠͇͎̫͈̹͙̺̖̤̜̝̦̻͍̜͈̙̙͔̝̺̎͂͗̈̏̀̋̀̆̓̉͂̒͗̈́̒̒̓̈́̀̚̚̕͘͠͝.̴̨̡̢̨̨̡̧͓̖̻̪͍̝̤̝̻̭̪͖̱͉̯̦̣͓̼̝̼͕̩̗͚͍̫̖̙̾́͑͌̎̑̍̀͆̈́͛͌̔̏͛́̒̐̂͛̈́̀̋͐̈́̓̈̽̀̍̀͑͐̈́̄̅̋͘̚̚͘͠͝͝ͅ-̶̡̡̛̝̗͇̞͓͉̥̤̤̟̥̪͖̦͈̘̱̲͚̪͚̘͕̥͇̹̼̦̩͖͕̜̦̼̪͖̲̦̥̤͙͌͒̋͋̊̐̇̉̿̾͗́͆́̾̓͆̉̏̃̐̚͜͝ ̴̢̙̯͉̟̭͇͔̻̝̪͙̦̯̘̳̠̲̬̳̻̹̝͈̘͙͇̬̙̀͛̂͗̇͗̉̏̇.̴̡̨̭͉̣̱̻̠̭̱̯͖͖̣̥̤̮̹͍̳̥̤̝̖͍̼̮͍͓͈̘͕̜͖̫͔̤̩̈́͒͑̓͂̄̓̈́̒̈̌͌͌̾̆̈͆́̓̀̀̑̃͆́̈́̌͛̂̃̈́̊̈́̾̄͐͛͛̕̚͘͠-̶̧̨̡̡͙̙̱̥͕͎̟̰̤͖̘͎̦̠̜̹̫̖̱̼̱͍͇̗̞͖͎̖͉̙͈͔̣̫͇̭͈̆̈̎͆̇͗͋͌͂̂̾͗̍̏͑̈́̃̽̀̽̌͋̆͗̈́̾̄͋̅̂̏̏̄͆̽̐̾͌͌̓͛̎͗̾̚͜͝͠͝ͅ.̸̡̢̡̛͔͙̞͔̼̟̻̲̭̘͔̼̭̦̩̲̤̰͉̘̖̙̝͓̄̀̃̀͌̾͑̒̊̎̿̇͐͒̐̽̂̚̚͜͝ͅ ̶̨̢͖̱͍̮̦̪̥͉̣͖͈̼͗̍͋͊́͂͆̍̑̾̍͛̔͑̎̇̇̀̐̔͋̃͌͗̀̉̑̅͛̽̔͆̊̓̍̿̒̓̐͐͋̕͘̕͠͠͠͝͠.̷̡̢̨̡̧̢̨̨̡̛̱͖̜̲̬̹̖̰̺͕̞̙̬͙̂̋̔̎̄̐͆̅̄͌̔́̈͐̋̐̍̒̏̏̿̊̐̚̕̚͠͠ͅͅ ̷̢̨̨̨̨̜͔̖̻̝̫̼̤̱̹̜͓̝̪̜̠̞͎̤̤̦̟͕͇͓̫͚̝̻̯̟̪̩̟̯̠͇̦̳̳̙̜̂̏̋̊͘͜ͅ/̴̨̢̨̧̥̠̙̲̤̪̗͈̱̖͔̣̤͓̩̺͇̦͚̞̰̥̠͕͈͚̱͍̲̣̹͔̥̜͓̹̻̘̪̼͑̑́͑̈́̇͊͆̀͋̏̍̈̽͆͂̀̈̌̾̀͗̑̀͆̃̚͜͜͝ ̴̧̧̨̹̤͙̗̭̙̹͍̮͔̙̼̥̟͈̫͓̯̖̻͉̱̭͕̥̹̱̦̘̠̹̯͐̈́̈́͆̎͌̍͠ͅ-̶̧̨̧̨̨̧̛̛͔͉͔͎̯̥̠͓̳̠̖̼̻̜̞̖̣̤̪̪̲̖̥͉͕̙͎͍̫͎̬̲͌̆̊͊̔̿̑͋̒̉͐̓͑͊̑̔̇̾͐̃͊͂̋͂̽͌͑̀̕͜͜͝ͅ ̵̧͎̞̥͉̥͎̠́͗̅͜.̵̢̨̨̢͎̞̠͈̙̠͚̝͎̱͉̺̯͕̫̣̖̞̗̘͍̳̘͖̪̪̼̻̖̫̳̲͖͓͓͗͌̆͜͜͜͜ͅ.̷̨̨̲̩̩̖͇̦͍̻̥͎̱̟͓̦̦̹̹́͂͂̊͆̎͂͑̇̍̋̈́͗̍͂͐̌̿́̐̒̒̈́̚͘͘͠͠͝͝͠.̴̨̧̨̦̳̜̩̭̝̺͙̦͚͎̩͓̬͓͙̬̬̜̺̪̫͇̭̫̫̯̼̗̜̘̎͑̿͆̿̋̐͐̎̋͛̉͐̈͘͠ͅͅͅ.̷̨̢̢̡̨̛̫͓͖̠̻͚̝̪͈͎̳̹̪̯̼̫̙̝̯̥̟̮̼̦̯͎̭̼̜͈͇̻̣̘̜͇͂̿̋̎̍̆̎̇͐̆̔̈͒̀͛͒̍̾̆̑̀̎̐̒̈́̾̆͒̋̀̐̀̐́̈͊̉̉͂̋͘͘̚͜͜͜͝ͅ ̴̡̢̛̪̳̥̮̦̬̳͖͉̝̟̦̥̗͇̣͇͓̺͔͖̭̙̰̫̞͛̇͐̊̃̆̋̀͋̃̆̔͂͆̍́̍̿̅̀̃̑̾͗̉͆͋̋̅̇̔̃͛͒͊̎̏͛̔̕͘̕̕͝.̶̨̢̢̨̨̧̢̨̢̧̧̛̛̖̥̳̼̜̱̥̗̦̜̤͉͈̱̱̥͉̙̰̣̳͚̝͎̞͚͚̤̟̮̜͕̫͇̭̲̰͙̦̃̀̅̊͆̃̒̊̍̍̂̃̌̈́̄͂̾͐̉̓̃̌̈́̇͒̈̎̾́͗͊͘͘̕͝͝ ̷̢̢̧̡̡͔̘͕̟̗̞͓͈͉̼̭̮̯͓̤͔͕͚͔͚͓̺̖͚̘̳̣̤̬͍̺̮̯̤̗̦̣̺͉̳̀͋̏́͜/̴̢̡̡̧̡̡̻̙̝͙̹̺͖̫̗͉̻̰̱̖̤͚̝̱̦̤̘̼͎̼̯̖̪̠̻̹̯͉͉̖͇̬͖̦͙̖̟̋̑̔̄̿̾̔̋͋̂̍̾̑̇̿̉͊̈́͛͘͘̕͝͠ ̵̡̮̼̜̭̲̺̺͔̭̠̠̞̞̪͉̗͈̺̞̫͈̮̠̠̤͚͔̦̣͉̒͑̀́͂́͐̂̈́̈́͆̈̄̅̍̌̉̇̽̈̆̔̿̕̕͜͠͝ͅ.̷͇͚͗̀̍̇̍̓̊͐̌͒̊̓̈́̃͆͛̾̒͊̑-̵̪̲͉̹͓̌̎̂̈́̇́̽͋̑̉͐͒͛͐͗̎͑͌͆̒͂̌̄̅́͊̓̽̇͊̉͑̽̿̕̕̚̕̕̚͠͠͝͝͠.̵̢̧̧̨̛̲̥̙̮̞̺̳̼͔̬̩̬̪̲̻̣͎̘̗̯̼̥̤̻͔͓̩͔̻̞̳̻̩̣̻̾̑̎̐́̄̂͗̔̄̅́͐͆́̀͋̂̚̕͜͜͜͝͠ͅͅͅ ̷̢̧̛̛͇̰̘̙͉̫̦̜̥͖̥̦͙͕͕̻̱͎̥̖̭̘͉͔̥͎͉͈̲̝̠̜͈̜̟̭̫̘̻̇͋̐̽͛̎̒̍̂̽̑̐̍̏̎͊̋̿́͋̀͗̎̐͊̓͗́͛̀̒̉̒͘̕̚͜͝͠.̴̧̢̨̧̡̛̹͉̺̮̼͎̭͇̘̲͓̬̫̩̰̞̦̯͖̤̯͓̹͚͇̺̰̺̪̘͕͖̠͈̗̤̹̟̲̠͔̘̀͊̊͗͆͗͊̌͛́̑͌͂̇́͒̊̇̑͂̿̓̊̊́͑̆̈̾̀̀̉̄̈́͆́̓͊͊̈́͌́͘͜͝͝͝ͅ.̴̧͎̝̜̱̠̜͚̖͚͚̘̈́̏͌̈͑͐̅͗̂̐͑͗̑̈́̿̄̂͋́̎́̚͜͝͠-̶͓͇͎̜̘͓̯̤͖͓͓̱̑̑ ̸̧̢̛̛̠̞͇̘̼̮̫̤̭̭̱̹̞̲̜̝͙̣͕͑͒͒̎́̂̇̑̍̈́́̋͐̽̀̎͐̽̇̈́̀̌͗̅̒̋̀̅̓̃͋̈́̇̕͜͝͠͝͝ͅ.̵̨̨̧̛̛̳͉̯̬̺̪̲͎͈̮̥̫̙̳̜̹͎̹̮̺̈́̔̓̽̂̈́̈͑͊͑̏͗̈́̇̂̓̾́͗̐́̈̉̓̈́̑̐͒̍̇̅̾͐̂̀͆̔͊̃͘̚̚͜͝͠͝͝͝ͅ.̸̧̡̝̦̫͓̦̞̝̮̖͕̠̰̳̙͈̪͖̊͛͒̋́̉͋͐̓̅̀̀̋͋́̊͆͋̽͋̈́̏͝͠͝͠ͅ ̷̨̧̢͍͔̱̣͚̣̤̩̠̤̖͚̘̝̘̜͖̠̩͔̖̻̯̦̰̖̹̙̫͈͔̻̲̓͋̇̈́͑̌̃̊̏̎͂͆̇̃̉̈́̎̿͂̑̃̇̾̂͑̎̀̇̚̕͘͜͠͝͠ͅͅͅ-̵͔̙̙̰͚͓͕͈̖̖̹͓̈́̓͗͆̂͊̋̅̕̕ͅ.̴̡̡̨̛̛̪̫̺̣͈͖̜̮̲͚̖͚̬̹̳͕̲͓̙̗͍̠͖͚͕̼̲̹̪̥̬͓̗͔͓̫̫̖̲̜͇̩̤̬̺̜͒̉͊̈́̔̀̋͋́̌́̕̚̚͘͝͠͠ ̵̨̡̡̗͈̮͙̠̗̭̝͈̮͈̯̩̥͔̱̺̹̻̣̳̜̭̜̙̰͐͆́͝ͅ.̶̛͉̱̯̲͉̩͚̤̱̯̥̱̤͚̫̯̙͉̖̪̝̻͎̞͓̾̀̃̽́̀͗̂́͑̅̐̽̊̋͊̃͆͗̄̋̓̃͂͑̈́͒̃̆͗̂͌̓̃̌͌͌̊̍́̏̃̄̀͘͜͠͝͝-̵̨̡̧̢̢̧̛̦̙̮̫͈̗̱̲͎̩̞̖͎̩̙̠̩͖̘̬̫̹͕̪̮̤̻͓̜͚͉͙̱͈̜̺͇̈́̄̉̿͗̏̒̐̍͌̀̈́͑̈̂̀̃̔̒̄̊̉̀͆̃̃́̀́̈͘̕̕͘͜͠͝ͅ ̵͙̻̭̦͉̰̥͓̤̹̹͛̎̔̽͊̎̏͂͂̿͐̄͊̎͋͑̔̈́͆͑̏̀̎̀͘̚̕͝͝-̴̡͉͖̣͚͙̘̤͉͕̥̮͕̟̺̩͉̞̙̰͓̺͕̯̝̀̾̔̏̅́̉̽̔́̒̽͐̎͌͊̀̏̊͗̽͒̕̕̕͜͝͠ ̶̨̨̛̛̘̘̼̺̭͈̦̲̠͕̗͎̤͉̥̯̻̲͙̭̹̲̤̺͚͙͖͓̯͕͖̖͓̥͙͍̣̫̣̺̼͕̣̳̖̪̍̈́̔͗̈́͐̓͒͑̀̓̽̽͒͒̈́͑̍̀͊̎̃͆̆̋̎͑̿̅͑͂̉̂͛̂̔͛̄̕͘̚̕͜͝ͅ.̸̢̯̣́́̈́͆̇̌́̄͐ͅ.̷̧̧̛̱̺̖̠͈̟͇̥̞͚̪̪̩̙͉͎̤̳͙͍̤̟̗̆̀̈́̒͆̆̋̅͋͂͂̌͐̀̏́͊̔̑̏̇͆͐̍̋̓̚ ̶̛͎̣͇͚͗͗̔̓͂̽̃́͗̎̐̎̊̆̕̚͝͠-̸̢̨̧̡̡̛͖̟̙͕̦̞̯̘̗͙͈͙͈̺̰̺̱̰̳͖͙͈̥̺̳̖͔͍̠̞̩̲̼̥͉̥͕͚̿͌̀̀͂͋̃͂͒̆̇́̓̍̿̈́́̾͒͗̀̀́͌͑̓̆̑̎̈̿̓̔̅̆́̚̚̚͝͠͝ͅͅ-̷̡̡̠̥͕̫̩̟͖̪͓̘̻̣̪̹̖͚͌ͅ-̷̢̨̧͕̼̝̣͇͚͈̫̭̦̞͖̬͈̻͈̰̠̫̩̱͙̺̤͎͆̓͜ ̶̧̧̛͍̰͕̞͓̞͎͕̱̼͇̣̩̘̟͖͉̞̰̣̤̣̥̼̬͔͕̜̳̮̳̩͇̮̭̭͕͙̝͗͐̆̾̈̈́̋̀̋̐̅̌͛̄̓͛̕̚̕͜-̶̢̧̨̨̡̧͕̬̱̻̹̟̩̝̼̳̱̗̱̩̳̭̦̮͇͖̹̬̣̖̩͎̐͗͒͊̃̓̽͒̄̐͆̑̍̾̏́̂͑̅̈́̊̍̿̋̇͝.̷̡̨̡̛̤͍̘͚̤̻͙̹̟̤̳̗̬̮̄͐́̌͒̏͋͒̋ ̵̡̛̳̮͕͈̲̭͔̈͌́̌̓͗̐͑̊̓͗̓̍̋͂͋̓̅̈́̽̅̏̑͊͂̈͒̀̍͂̒̈̍͋̒͆͘͘͘̕͜͝͝͝ͅ.̶̧̨̨̢̧̛̖͈̩̹̞̲̘̟̼̭̬͓̞̝̞̫̫̬̼̫̯͔̫̭͙̫̱̩͎̞͔̳͐̀̓̅͋͛̉͗͂̔̈́̈̿̕͘̚̚͜͜͠͝ͅ-̷̧̛̥̱̦̫͓͔̻̙̞̰̻̬͔̖̹͍̞̘̞̻̘̤͈͓̣̙̎̾͑͊̂̇̋́͘.̷̡̢̫̝̠̬͉͍̗͉̺͙̗̜̫̊̽̋̆̅̊͒̒̔̈̇̽͗̒̾̂͋͒̒̅̓̒̋́̿̿̿̆̓̄̾̈͊̎̑̍̂̏̚͘͘͠͠͝͠͠-̴̢̡̧̠̫̳̟̠̺̆̽̑̐̎̓͒͆̋̒͐͛̔̈́͛̈́̕̚͝͝͠.̷̧̡̡̨̫̼͈̖̹̦̬̟̤̙̱̼̜̜͕͙͈̗̰͎̤̩̱͚̥̞̟͙͔̩̲͕̘͔̣̣̝̹͓͇̔̌̈́͗̈́̈̐͂̀̏͆̆̈́̎̽͆̌͛̔̂͛̃͌͜͜͝͠ͅ-̷̨̺̙͙̝͓͕̭̤̪̗͙̝̦͕͔̰̐̇͑̾̈́̿̇̽̀̀̈́̓̑̒̇̏̽̊̏̈̐͑̃͗̄̕͜͠





<mark style="color:purple;">**`[end of journal entries]`**</mark>
