---
description: The Formless. The All-Seeing. The Ever-Present. The Ever-Just.
---

# The Judge

#### Overview

The Judge is the Moddess of justice, responsible for the creation, annunciation, and execution of law throughout the entire cornucopia. Although she holds a specific dominion over Dormis, her authority greatly affects all realms. Although described as cold and unloving, both Mods and mortals rely on her ability to establish unbiased and irrefutable codes of behavior. Devoted to the concept of perfect law, she is incapable of lying and holds herself to the same strict standards that she exacts from others. She cannot be bribed or swayed by the sentiments of even those she's known for millennia.

#### Described appearance

Like all Mods, the Judge has the ability to create her own physical form. Unlike many other Mods, who may try to choose a form that would be familiar to their subjects or at least representative of some sort of symbolic meaning, the Judge retains much of that same vague and indefinable form as she did in the memoryless times before creation. Those who have seen her often have difficulty recalling or illustrating her exact appearance, but report similar descriptions. A titanic, humanoid figure with exaggerated neck, limb and finger length, covered in a molten, gold-colored metallic substance that flickers and flows with her motion. All aspects of her clothing and body are composed of this ubiquitous substance which radiates a kind of amber-colored light that warbles and blurs the air surrounding her in turbulent patterns of waves and eddies akin to a flowing river. Her head and torso have been described as operating in an uncanny sort of way, not indicative of where she looks at and leads her movement with. One specific artist even went as far as to theorize that the upper body is being used like an angler fish's bulb, or like a hand-puppet, distracting from an unseen visage located somewhere else. Consequently, her face is entirely devoid of any ears, nose, and mouth, but does contain a large number of black hoops symmetrically dotted around her entire form. Long finger-like tubes extend and spread out like antlers from her head, torso and limbs, fanning out like the branches produced by a large coral fan or the bristles of a paint brush.

Even something as simple as the attire worn by the Moddess has been described as being deeply unnerving. What, at a distance, may look like a mountain-sized dress with a mile-long train, reveals more accurately upon a closer inspection, a billowing, conical mass that crawls and ungulates unto its own will, having near its fringes hundreds of individual root-like tendrils that grip the floor and occasionally curl upward to reveal rows of small, serrated teeth decorating their underside.

#### Relationships and History

The Judge is motivated by a deep sense of duty and commitment to the overall well-being of the cornucopia and all the Mods and mortals it contains. Acting as a mediator between the differing opinions of other Mods, it was ultimately her idea to create multiple dimensions that were each ruled by an individual Mod or Moddess, as she determined it was impossible for two or more cosmic beings to govern one dimension at a time without universe-ending paradoxes and differences in opinion tearing that world apart. It was the Judge who drafted the initial laws of physics and numbers, which for the most part, were only slightly changed in their implementation by the other Mods. One of the loudest opponents to the concept of free will in mortals, the Judge nonetheless adapted accordingly to the change in plans and created what has been coined The Fractal Codes. Ages later, when Dormis became repurposed as a prison dimension, the Judge established it as her home and official base of operations. Later still, when the Cambrian virus began its devastating course, it was the Judge who assigned the first Realmkeepers to their task of protecting and healing the cornucopia, and rewarded them well for their work. Following the events after the Builder's death, the Judge blamed herself for not being able to prevent or avenge the tragedy. Her temperament has worsened in resent years, not being helped by the various antics of the Traveler who makes it a habit to cause chaos in her realm.

#### The Fractal Codes

This system of laws was created to maximize the overall wellbeing of a society containing free-willed individuals. As of yet, it's claim to infinite coverage over every aspect of mortal behavior has not yet been disproven. Much like how a fractal holds a finite shape but possesses an infinite surface area, the fractal code can be contained within a single collection of scrolls, but reveals greater and greater detail corresponding to the depth at which it is analyzed. The larger and more obvious the deviation away from the conduct prescribed, the harsher the punishment given. Perfect adherence to the code is believed to be impossible. Although no other Mods have adopted the complete code into their dimensions, many Mods do use altered pieces of the code in their own form of government. It is the Judge's hope that, in time, all other Mods will welcome the full and unedited version of the code into their realms.
