---
description: Lost to the depths of knowledge within an Icy Domain.
---

# The Scholar

The Scholar is the grand Moddess of Glacium, and as of the current era, is lost in the great depths of the dimension. Long ago, the Scholar was one of the wisest beings to ever exist. Her dedication in the creation of the Frostkin's grand societies led a golden age of knowledge and prosperity all throughout the icy space. The prosperity of her chosen race properly allowed her to amass as much knowledge as possible. Her endless library hoarding eons of recordkeeping, grimoires, histories, and research allowed her to become so wise, it eventually led to her inevitable downfall. Socieites such as the Automechs are still searching deep within Glacium to find her magnum opus: The Grand Library: Kunnskap.

### Wise Beyond Her Years

The Scholar procured several Frostkin golden ages, in a similar fashion to Sanctum. Great technologies were also developed during this time, now of which are buried deep under the ice, ancient secrets with unkown purposes. Unlike The Builder, The Scholar knew of the foolishness of keeping a race so high and mighty, eventually they would aim for the top. She had no issues tearing down the great civilizations she had ordained a multitude of times. It was this choice that allowed her race to have proper highs and lows, without the threat of total annihilation like the mod of Sanctum. Much of the Epoch of Isolation was The Scholar testing the waters for how far a Frostkin society could go. Yet, she knew when to draw the line. So, she would take the knowledge gathered by her Frostkin race, and start over, initiating a grand storm that swept up the Frostkin societies, who would fall to ruin, no matter how powerful the advancements. The Scholar also prevented much of the Frostkin to leave the dimension before the Age of Snow, and as such it became very easy for her to monitor how far the enlightenment of her race was going.

#### The Age of Fire

During the age of fire, when the nether began rising to power, The Scholar foresaw the inevitable fight with the fiery armies of the Netherkin and the Tyrant. Glacium as ice dimension was not built for the sole purpose of the cold, but as a tactical advantage to combat the power hungry fire. The Scholar had always hated The Tyrant's ideology of survival of the fittest, and as such wanted to find a way to crush the total domination of The Nether's numerous fights the Tyrant had picked for his warborn race of Netherkin. Ice, of course, yielded the greatest contrast to fire's hungering grasp. As such, during the peak of the age of fire, The Scholar completely froze over all of Glacium, rendering the dimension impenetrable to The Nether's forces. During this period, The Scholar did her best efforts to architecture the perfect race to counter the warrior race without direct intervention. By the time the Tyrant had fallen to the armies of humanity, Glacium had the perfect race to decree a takeover of snow, thus led the Age of Snow.

#### The Age of Snow

The Age of Snow was the first time The Scholar decided to experiment with Frostkin interacting with other societies. Using a piece of ancient technology built by one of the predecessor societies of ancient Frostkin, she lead her newly forged modern race of Frostkin through a tactile mix of both peace and conquests. Frostkin were now the new rulers of the multidimensions, lead by the genius of The Scholar, who was a battle master, engineer, historian, scientist, and researcher all at the same time. Her vast knowledge allowed her influence to spread far and wide, far faster than the Warlord's conquest during The Age of Fire. At the peak of the Age of Snow, The Scholar lead the Frostkin societies to become some of the greatest prosperers the Cornucopia had ever seen, bringing an age of peace and ice inside the vast kingdoms. However, something unexpected happened to The Scholar: her complete descent into insanity, and eventual downfall.

#### The End of the Age of Snow and Scholar

The end of the Age of snow saw the Scholar completely disappear off the face of the earth. Over time, people observed the degradation of The Scholar's mental wellbeing, at the time for unknown reasons. Eventually, this resulted in a complete disappearance of her from the face of Glacium. Some believe she is still trapped in her endless library of knowledge: Kunnskap. The reality of the situation, however, is arguable much more terrifying. In the pursuit of continued knowledge, The Scholar began spreading further and further throughout the Cornucopia, trying to understand each dimensions quirks and secrets. The grand search for knowledge has always proven fatal however, and in this case, that same concept still applies. On one particular search of knowledge for Kunnskap, she stumbled upon The End. Both curious and absolutely revolted by the disgusting lump of dimensional fabrics deep below the hollow void, she decided to step closer to understanding what the end truly was. This lead her down a rabbit hole so deep, she began getting visions of terrible future, from an unknown source, most likely linked to an end artifact. These visions showed her horrifying demise at the hands of the creatures of the End. Eternally tormented and tortured by the horrid and sickening energies and maws of the repulsive creatures that bit at her celestial skin, a vision of her dimension turned to ash and stone. A vision of endless suffering at the hands of the puppetmaster of the deep. In a stroke of what can only be described as pure insanity, The Scholar forcefully gave herself total amnesia. She now resides as a husk of her former self, endlessly roaming the snowy expanse in between Kunnskap and Glacium, her fate to be roaming the wastes unknowing of her tormented fate that may befall her. Her demise lead the biggest fall of the Frostkin society to date, and as of now the people of Glacium are in ruins, trying to live on despite Modless.

#### The Grand Library: Kunnskap

The library of Kunnskap was The Scholar's rumored trove of knowledge where she kept millions of entries of information and research. This library far outweighs the knowledge stored by even The Ascended Council and the Omnidrome themselves, and as such, it is one of the greatest relics of history still left to be unearthed. It is said that Kunnskap stretches for eons, even breaking the dimensional fabrics. This library is supposedly stored deep within a giant glacier, the halls of Kunnskap breaking the laws of physics and endlessly twisting infinitely inside this glacier, much bigger than the ice itself. The whereabouts of Kunnskap are completely unknown to any mod or creature in all of The Cornucopia. Kunnskap is told to hide treasures and revelations of unthinkable levels, and is one of the biggest properties the Automechs are attempting to find for themselves. The truth of Kunnskap is that they will never locate its approximate location. The mystery of why is still one of the biggest questions still asked to this day.
